Size 32 woman from Yorkshire drops 14 stone and now in training for a marathon. Israeli border guard is suspended after he stamped on an 8-year-old girl's bike. Rio Olympics 2016 Australian swimmers stop using training pool over infection fears. Norfolk man confronts dog-walker who refuse to clear up after her 3 pet's mess. North Yorkshire woman had no idea she was expecting a baby until she went into LABOUR. Russell Square knifeman tried to kill himself THREE times this year. Photos of drastic errors made by people who failed to follow the simplest instructions. Chicago officials release bodycam footage of cops handcuffing teen who was 'left to die'. Essex thug left 5 friends maimed after spraying chemicals on them at Ockendon station. Afghan girl forced to marry 55-year-old man in exchange for a GOAT. Brotton toddler's leukemia sniffed out by hero dog Bessie. Donald Trump could be correct over Iran cash-drop video as propaganda film is released. Skin-crawling video of girl in China have lice and eggs removed from EYELASHES. The world's most expensive properties that are currently on the market are revealed. Viennetta on a stick is coming to Australia after an uproar on social media. I'll never leave you! Heartbreaking moment distraught dog tries to wake up his friend for an HOUR after it was run over by a car . Atlanta man talks to imaginary dog in court over murder of 2 Georgia teens behind store. Internet goes wild for Chinese Olympic swimmer Ning Zetao and his incredible physique. Team GB's most glamourous Olympians in Brazil. Wisconsin teacher pleads guilty to sexual assault after having sex with student. Justin Bieber and Sahara Ray enjoy skinny dipping session in Hawaii. Video of Essex granddaughter surprising pensioner with spaniel after old pet died. Olympic torch bearer sent running after hearing gunshots outside Rio favela. Barack and Michelle Obama urge on Team USA ahead of the Rio Olympics. Kira the Gorilla cradles her two-week-old baby at Moscow Zoo. Philippines' Rodrigo Duterte's message to dealers after death toll in war on drugs rises. South Carolina girl 'waiting to join Angels in heaven' after contracting brain-eating amoeba. Shocking moment Scottish mother hands over toddler before a street fight. Mother who takes up to 100 selfies a day says other WOMEN who use her photos. Fraserburgh pensioner begs doctors to amputate leg swollen to 3 STONE after infection. Teen gives her mustached father a glam makeover using Kylie Jenner's Lip Kit. Gisele Bundchen proudly commands the stage in shimmery low-cut gown at Opening Ceremony for Summer Olympics in Rio. Police fire tear gas at angry mobs outside Olympic opening ceremony. Team USA basketball players 'are caught in a BROTHEL in Rio' before Olympics begin. Andy Murray is spotted rallying Team GB Olympians with a 'motivational speech'. People share the hilarious lies they've told to get out of having sex . Team USA in custom fitted Ralph Lauren uniforms ahead of the Rio Olympics. Tiny tot successfully manipulates his dad into playing with him by crying. Tonga flag bearer Pita Taufatofua enters Olympic stadium all greased up. 94th birthday for my mother-in-law showed me how divided this country is says TOM UTLEY. Rio Olympics 2016 opening ceremony sees climate change lectures and protests. At least 13 dead after fire ravages French bar during birthday party in Normandy. Giant panda Xidou gives birth to the world's 'heaviest twin cubs' in China. Bizarre arrow ponchos steal the show from athletes during the Rio Olympics parade. Chloe Grace Moretz was betrayed by her Beverly Hills plastic surgeon father. Baby cats perform synchronised 'dance routine' in adorable video. Baby orca found clinging to a bouy in Tauranga harbour in New Zealand dies. How old is too old for a safe pregnancy?. YouTube video of FIVE very simple ways to tie your shoelaces. First ever team of refugee athletes walk into Rio Olympics opening ceremony. American Airlines Muslim passengers kicked off after male attendant 'felt unsafe; by them. Thailand 10ft python nicknamed 'Fatty' chomps down two prize roosters worth PS400 each. Viewers hit out at NBC for delaying Rio broadcast by an hour before filling with ad breaks. Nagasaki atomic bomb aftermath filmed by Soviet Union shown to Japanese for first time. Murdered New York jogger slammed by online trolls for 'inviting death to her door'. Meet 'Keys' the cat who likes to stretch with paws in the air. This groom has audience in hysterics with his saucy dance moves. Breastfeeding mother in Kentish Town 'squirted her boob' at a woman who complained. Lewis Clark's mother releases video of the moment her son died in bike crash. Bomb scare at Olympics brings chaos to Copacabana as tensions rise in Rio. Kanye West IKEA memes sweep the web after he said he wants to design for them. Before and after pictures taken reveal difference make-up can make . Kendall Jenner wears flimsy dress as she arrives late to family lunch. 'Netflix glitch' subtitles BBC documentary with lines from Aziz Ansari. Amber Rose reveals she has never used sex toys and that she is 'just a normal girl' . American Revolution 'Dont Tread On Me' shirts could be declared RACIST by government. Britt Ekland reveals how plastic surgery destroyed her looks. Jeremy Clarkson diverts yacht to save German and French tourists drifting out to sea. Royal Navy sailors return after 9 months away after fighting ISIS. Inside the ultra-conservative Christian cult Gloriavale. Bride-to-be sets off on a 'pursuit of happiness' and loses FOUR wedding dress sizes. Man is crushed to death in his sleep after tree fell onto a tent in Edinburgh . Donald Trump could be correct over Iran cash-drop video as propaganda film is released. M25 suffers delays after runaway horse bolted near Dartford Crossing. Video shows a kitten given MOUTH-TO-MOUTH resuscitation by Italian coastguard. Britain's quest for a first medal goes on: Tour de France champ Chris Froome fails to win Olympic road race as fellow Team GB rider Geraint Thomas crashes into a ditch. London 2012 Olympics has left different legacy from what was promised. Best and worst outfits at the Rio Olympics 2016 opening ceremony. Dubai fire rips through PS300m luxury apartment complex under construction. Press of Atlantic City runs wife and girlfriend obituaries for the one man. Rio's poor watch Olympic opening from rooftops of slum. Wayne Rooney arrives at training driving a PS103,000 hybrid BMW supercar . Teen wins Team USA's first medal at Rio Olympics in women's 10-meter air rifle event . Air Algeria flight to Marseilles declared mid-air emergency. Tongan flag bearer Pita Taukatofua is a model and community worker. Pele's late pullout forced Rio Olympics organisers to call on Brazilian marathon runner. Belgian police officers attacked with machete in Charleroi. Justin Bieber strips NAKED in Hawai  with 'girlfriend' Sahara Ray. Armed forces should wear uniforms outside of bases despite terror fears, minister urges. Melania Trump may have been MARRIED before she met Donald in the US. Obama's birthday party attended by Ellen DeGeneres, Magic Johnson and George Lucas. Explosion rocks finish line of men's Olympic cycling race in Rio. Police officer Michael Graham who was recorded raping a woman a is kicked off the force . US women's water polo coach leaves Olympic team after brother 'dies while surfing'. Ken Wharfe Princess Diana's bodyguard shares the most intimate portrait ever. Golden State Warriors' Kevin Durant leads star-studded Team USA's challenge as they open their 2016 Olympic basketball campaign against China. Uber driver will watch his son compete in Rio Olympics thanks to passenger's kindness. Katy Perry seems less than impressed by Orlando Blooms touching on beach. Bizarre 'Bell' entanglement is spotted in large numbers of atoms for the first time: Correlation takes us another step closer to superfast quantum computers. Britain's quest for a first medal goes on: Tour de France champ Chris Froome fails to win Olympic road race as fellow Team GB rider Geraint Thomas crashes into a ditch. French gymnast Samir Ait Said breaks his leg in horrific snap. Community rallies to send mom and son to Rio to watch her daughter in Olympics. Malia and Sasha Obama head to Martha's Vineyard with mom and dad for summer vacation. Syrian refugee Yusra Mardini wins her swimming heat at Rio Olympics. Dog found wandering the streets of Fort Worth with porcupine quills jabbed into her face. Paddy Barnes taunts Rory McIlroy with selfie of ex-girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki . Instagram loving sisters linked to Robert Mugabe insist they have a 'modest lifestyle'. Love is in the air for Team GB as four couples chase medals in Brazil. Charles Wieand strips NAKED before trying out beekeeping without getting stung. Diary reveals truth of 17-year-old Florence Sibary Zante party island antics. Georgia goat owner arrested for bestiality with one of his animals. PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Six strong drinks in ten minutes, a vile murder and a troubling truth young women MUST confront . James Guy's schoolboy dream that came true as he races for Olympic gold. Britain's Black Lives Matter movement key players. ISIS jihadis lay down arms after British special forces helped Libyan fighters. Pictures show Lindsay Lohan and her playboy fight violently on a Mykonos beach. Soldier misses notes during Buckingham Palace Changing the Guard ceremony . 'Breast is best!' Thousands of mothers take to the streets to mark World Breastfeeding Week simultaneously feeding their babies to promote the health benefits of mum's milk . Video of cute baby fascinated when she sees her reflection for the first time. Sylvia Jeffreys kicks off workout regime for upcoming wedding. Indirect 9/11 link to Saudi royal revealed in 28 unclassified pages. Toni Braxton says her son has been 'CURED' of autism. Shocking moment woman 'assaults' a man riding his e-bike. Video shows little boy dances happily with his ice cream  then drops it and dries. Mother who fed her baby salt did it to try and win her estranged husband back. Stone Age hunter-gatherers learned to farm in TURKEY. French riot police use PEPPER SPRAY to deter African migrants trying to cross at the Italian border. Team USA pick up three Rio silver medals in swimming. Video shows father-to-be perform dance in nurse's outfit to cheer up in labour girlfriend. Barack Obama 'pumps himself up to Eminem' in DNC behind-the-scenes footage. Naked man causes traffic disruption in San Francisco . Saint West giggles infectiously as his mother Kim Kardashian plays with him . Etihad Airways defend decision to ban Sydney toddler with eczema from flying. What YOU should eat on your period. Nutritionist Rick Hay reveals 6 weight loss smoothies that WON'T leave you hungry. MPs face six-year booze ban: Parliament WILL move to Sharia-owned office block in 2020. World's largest aircraft The Airlander 10, leaves its hangar for the first time. Peugeot 205 GTI sells for record PS31k: Six of the best modern classics. Six laundry tricks to ensure clothes stay wrinkle-free without the iron. Dentists pull out THOUSANDS of teeth unnecessarily because NHS rules pay them the same. Reddit users share their very worst culinary disasters. Team USA go crazy for ancient healing technique cupping. Hiroshima atomic bomb destruction captured in colour photo. Princess Beatrice and her boyfriend Dave Clark call it quits. Christopher Biggins looks upset as he's removed from the Big Brother house. Oscar Pistorius rushed to hospital 'with cuts to wrists'. Saint West giggles infectiously as his mother Kim Kardashian plays with him . Cara Delevingne sports her favourite pink beanie as she celebrates her 24th birthday. Child killer Ian Huntley 'wants to apologise' to victims' parents. German anti-terror police storm restaurant after blood-soaked man barricades himself inside. Justin Bieber's dad once again gushes over the size of his son's penis. . Gordon Ramsay sports a full face of make-up for Las Vegas gala. Theresa May's cash payouts to families in the great shale bonanza. The men who sulk, throw tantrums and refuse to grow up . American tourist stabbed to death in Russell Square told her best friend 'I love London'. GIRL ABOUT TOWN: The Prince of Wheels... Harry takes to the streets on his custom-built motorbike. Paul Pogba arrives in Manchester for 'secret medical' ahead of world record PS93m move according to Italian press. Amish man arrested for 'beating overburdened' horse until it collapsed and died . Is Prince Charles locked in a Battle Royal with Carole Middleton over George?. California woman brutally stomps on drunk man on train 'after calling her a racial slur' . GRANNIES are filmed smoking cannabis for the first time in a coffee shop in Amsterdam. Ambulance crew DROP French Olympic gymnast after he snapped his leg. Never mind about the swimming, check out my #outfitoftheday: BBC presenter Helen Skelton Instagrams her dresses as she swaps into VERY racy orange party number. Video shows New York news reporter Reena Roy getting drenched by kids' water fight. Lindsay Lohan's sexy shower snap as she moves on from THAT violent beach fight. Oklahoma couple spend 2 DAYS traveling to Rio 2016 before finding tickets are FAKE. Amy Schumer reveals she had her first one night stand when her partner revealed he was gay. Liverpool legend John Barnes raps his 1990 hit World In Motion in London tube. London pensioner could be charged with criminal damage for cutting GRASS outside home. Playing us for fools: This man signed up for jihad in Syria. Yet he's free to roam the streets of Robocop UK. Why ISN'T he under arrest?  . Theresa May to bring back selective state schools after 18 year ban . Two tandem skydivers plummet to their deaths after parachute failed to open in California. Violinist Paul Robertson reveals bizarre visions in SEVENTEEN near-death experiences. Campaigners including Sir Ian Botham rally against Springwatch's Chris Packham. Irina Shayk flaunts her assets in skimpy bikini as she watches Bradley Cooper play tennis. Islamist terror group training base behind bombings said to be bankrolled by British tax. The Queen Mother's first crush revealed in 100-year-old letters with a Private. British soldiers survived after fighting off 500 Taliban for 54 days. Spangles the Cross-Eyed Kitty has gone missing after escaping through owner's dryer vent . Marco Rubio says women infected with Zika should NOT be allowed an abortion. Bernie Ecclestone says 'I wouldn't pay a penny for a mother-in-law'. Margot Robbie reveals Cara Delevingne sends late-night texts to Prince Harry. Top Royal confidant's leaked email reveals his rapid job swap. Aston Martin's gorgeous new 200mph DB11 is here and we test it. Mia Tindall joins Mike and Zara at The Festival of British Eventing. French gymnast Samir Ait Said vows to return for next Olympics. NHS bosses at an under-fire mental health trust slammed over patient deaths . A toddler's chickenpox turned into horrific flesh-eating necrotising fasciitis. Pirelli model who won PS75million divorce settlement may have to sue her daughter. Person on Gatwick Express is 'decapitated by a speeding train' . 'Murder-suicide note' found alongside young family of five who were found dead in their Pennsylvania home. 'The moment Team USA basketball players were caught in a BROTHEL in Rio'. Police searching for Madeleine McCann confirm they have ended forensic investigation. NBC commentator apologizes over 'sexist' comments about Katinka Hosszu. Dutch woman cyclist crashes while she's a few miles from winning Olympic gold . Lizzie Armitstead prepares to go for TeamGB's first Rio gold at the Women's Road Race. Mia Tindall takes on an intimidating amount of ice cream at horse festival . Cara Delevingne's in the doghouse over her husky's 'pepper-spray collar'. Mack Horton trolled after beating Chinese rival Sun Yang in Rio. Mark Wahlberg's brother posts touching tribute picture of jogger murdered in New York . Giant panda shows off her bundle of joy to visitors at Belgium zoo for the first time . Mother arrested after she 'starved her son and lied about his terminal illness. Swedish church to use drones to drop tiny electronic bibles into jihadist-controlled Iraq. Team USA gymnasts make their first appearance in Rio as they compete in qualifying. Police hunt vile vandals who spray-painted Basildon home with obscene insults . RACHEL JOHNSON: Ogling nude celebs ISN'T pervy! Now get me Orlando's pics... . Iran executes nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri accused of giving CIA information. Stranded pelican given ride to a shelter in back of Californian Highway patrol car. Dog attacks several on two-hour rampage in China before police officers shoot it dead. Mother's plea to test teens for cardiac arrhythmia after losing daughter to condition. Team behind doc Soul Of The Elephant set out to prove if the animal has a soul. Kei Nishikori drops his racket mid-game before picking it up to win a point at the Rio Olympics. Adam Peaty sets world record as he wins gold with in 100m breaststroke and claims Team GB's first medal of Rio 2016 Olympics. ISIS claims responsibility for machete attack on Belgian policewomen. Fears for Ricky Hatton grow after he tweets 'I have nothing left'. Kansas lawmaker's son is killed on water side at Schlitterbahn Water Park. Inside the underground bolthole where the Queen and Royal Family would have fled. After flossgate, here are 10 other essentials you REALLY don't need. Katie Ledecky wins gold and Michael Phelps wins his nineteenth gold. These are the most lifelike balloon animals from Japan you have ever seen . DAN HODGES: Arise, Lady Chakrabarti, the poster girl for squalid hypocrisy . Donald Trump warns he's prepared to 'walk' from US allies for 'not paying their fair share'. Jamie Oliver welcomes FIFTH child with wife Jools as he posts sweet snap of newborn. Tiny pooch tries to wrestle a piece of shredded cloth from a MUCH bigger dog. Teenage boy is gored in the armpit by a bull during Spanish festival . Author Helen Gradwell lay dead for four months not knowing she had a book deal offer. Young driver smashed into a brick wall and forced to contend with a swarm of bees. Olympic beach volleyball players put on a spectacular display in Rio. Swimmer Adam Peaty wins Team GB's first Olympic medal at Rio Olympics. Old-fashioned pleasures await at the Thurlestone Hotel in Devon. Mothers abort 20 IVF babies a year after discovering their child would be born with Down's syndrome . How Adam Peaty rose from being spotted in slow lane to Olympic gold medal hopeful. Queensland crocodile coughs up plastic bottle at Rockhampton Zoo. Model who stripped nude in Times Square rampage reveals he was paranoid. Bride throws a Harry Potter themed wedding but her groom looks less than impressed. Theo the puppy gets second chance after pit bull takes owner off course in Jersey City. Chaos for air passengers worldwide as Delta systems collapse causing massive delays . Judo champion Ashley McKenzie posts photo of himself crying on the ground after Rio loss. Kim Kardashian admits she was terrified of having to dance beside Beyonce on KUWTK. Katie Price flaunts her new boobs in TOPLESS Instagram before quickly deleting it. Kim Kardashian promises the world new NUDE selfie after losing 70lbs post-baby weight. Pushed beyond endurance: Yes, Diana could be a difficult woman. But read this honest account by her loyal bodyguard of the true provocations she faced in her marriage and decide: how would YOU have coped?  . Team USA's Olympic archer Brady Ellison looks EXACTLY like star Leonardo DiCaprio. Hillary Clinton discussed executed Iranian nuclear scientist with advisers. Kimi Raikkonen marries model Minttu Virtanen in a wedding ceremony in Tuscany. Essex police called to Kidz Fest as furious parents rage over attractions. College baseball star shot and killed in San Francisco while playing Pokemon Go . Courtney Stodden SHAVES her hair off in memory of unborn child following miscarriage. Photos of Olympic gymnasts pulling hilarious faces at Rio will leave you in hysterics. Twitter mocks a bored lifeguard on duty at an Olympic SWIMMING event. Serena and Venus Williams lose first-ever Olympic doubles match . Twitter decides the Rio 2016 Opening Ceremony resembles something VERY rude. Photograph showing Egyptian and German Olympic volleyball players highlights divide. German hockey players' names form VERY unfortunate message for Olympics viewers. Man shares list of 10 RULES his girlfriend gave him before boys' trip to Magaluf. Natalie Imbruglia shows off her rock-hard torso during boat outing in Sicily. Australian Rio Olympic gymnast Larrissa Miller breaks down in tears as her perfect routine is ruined by a split-second mistake . Obese man halves his body weight in just ten months. Michael Phelps shows off marks from the ancient healing technique of 'cupping'. Bride walked down aisle by man who received her father's heart. Gina-Lisa Lohfink screams as she appears in court for 'falsely accusing two men of rape'. Family 'photobombed by ghost' in New Brighton cinema selfie. French gymnast Samir Ait Said, who snapped his leg in horror landing manages to walk. People reveal their disastrous holiday tattoos on Twitter . New Mexico mother and son fell in love and will go to JAIL to defend their relationship. Gymnast Oksana Chusovitina is now 41 and competing in her SEVENTH Olympics. Jamie Oliver bursts with pride as he and his glowing wife Jools show off new son. China blasts its own elevated bus public transport amid safety concerns. Today show's Jenna Bush Hager slathers Tonga's Olympic flag bearer in coconut oil. Hillary Clinton in right-wing conspiracy theory after photo of her slipping goes viral. Courteney Cox and fiance Johnny McDaid are seen arguing outside London restaurant. College baseball star shot and killed in San Francisco while playing Pokemon Go . Swimmer Ryan Held breaks down in tears after winning gold medal in the 4x100m relay . ISIS supporter video shows girl in a niqab behead a doll. Father gives 3-year-old a kidney after hers fail and she nearly dies of a stroke. Donald Trump to propose making ALL childcare expenses tax-deductible. 'So proud of you my love!!! #Go WarriorMonkey!': Tom Daley's fiance celebrates dive team's stunning bronze for GB with stream of emotional messages as Dan Goodfellow says 'words can't describe how I'm feeling right now'. Husband of Ohio woman hurt by dropped rock kills himself at 55. Team GB swimmer Adam Peaty reveals impressive strength in Instagram video. FEMAIL round up best and worst gymnastic leotards at Rio Olympics 2016. Team USA's Simone Biles reveals her love for Brazilian gymnast Arthur Mariano at Rio 2016. Olympic swimmer Santo Condorelli gives father the FINGER before every race. Saudi judo competitor 'forfeits her first round match to avoid going up against Israeli' . Google employee Vanessa Marcotte murdered on jog in Massachusetts woods. Selena Gomez channels Kendall Jenner and goes completely braless in a black top in Sydney. Olympics Judo Rafaela Silva wins first gold for host country Brazil. Manchester United sign Paul Pogba from Juventus for PS100m on PS290,000-per week, five-year contract. Team USA's gymnasts want to compete TOPLESS to show off their muscular physiques. Donald Trump interrupted FOURTEEN times by protesters during economic speech. Ivanka Trump reveals she'd take on a role in dad Donald's White House. David Beckham shares a joke with pretty brunette as he shops in Los Angeles . PIERS MORGAN: Team USA's Olympics 2016 team is full of drug cheats just like Russia's. Donald Trump would be 'the most reckless president in American history' claim 50 Republicans. 'Human Ken Doll' Rodrigo Alves whose face was left ROTTING says he's quit surgery. USA's Lilly King calls out Russia's Yulia Efimova after winning gold in 100m breast stroke. The decaying former Olympic sites across the world. Schlitterbahn Waterpark death saw boy decapitated on world's tallest waterslide. JoJo Fletcher shares a steamy kiss with fiance Jordan Rodgers in Malibu. Double-dipping really IS 'like putting your whole mouth in the dip' . North and South Korean gymnasts put politics aside to take a selfie together. Michael Phelps shoots Chad le Clos death stare before victory in 200m butterfly finals. ISIS fighters claim to have weapons and equipment of U.S. soldiers. moment four men target outnumbered police in East London. Taylor Swift plants a kiss on male fan during performance with Nelly. Black and white Tyne and Wear mugshots are brought to life in colour. Kansas City new mom body-shamed at swimming pool for wearing a bikini. Tumble dryer model which killed Rubery mother has been linked to 20 fires. Sydney gay couple ask sibling to donate an egg so their child will share genetic traits. Jeremy Kyle guest Cath who has NINE children by different men is slammed on Twitter. Motorist in car pile-up escapes after being cut free from this mangled wreckage. Charlotte Thomson converts old public toilets into new PS600k home in Charlestown. Baby rhino's life is saved when vets give it CPR as it undergoes surgery. Priscilla and Poppleton the pig pals take Instagram by storm . Katie Price shocks holidaymakers with 'joke' about her son Harvey. Mummy blogger Rachaele Hambleton's genius trick to get her children to eat fruit. Humorous moment tortoises RUN to their dinner bowl to scoff their faces. Heavily pregnant Elizabeth Marberry wins over the Internet with dance moves  . Rome police cook pasta for an elderly couple seeking company. Salford man jailed under new law that stops bullies from hounding partners into staying with them . Team US' Michael Phelps glares at rival Chad Le Clos in these funny Twitter images. Usain Bolt out to wow the fans as he bids to win his third sprint treble at Olympics 2016. Rio Olympics 2016 volunteer proposes to long term girlfriend Isabella Cerullo. Tongan Olympics 2016 athlete Pita Taufatofua who became internet sensation is SINGLE. Social media reacts to Sun Yang's 'shark' teeth after winning gold in Rio Olympics. Video shows Chinese employees forced to pass pens to each other using their MOUTH . Olympic medalists reveal how they fuel up for swimming, running and boxing. John resorts to Portland roadside banner to apologise to Natalie for cheating in Dorset. New selfie craze sees men take photos of their beard from below. Rio 2016: Australian world champion track cyclist Melissa Hoskins rushed to hospital after horror crash while training with team-mates at the Olympic velodrome. Ryanair passenger runs across Madrid runway to catch flight. USA's Lilly King calls out Russia's Yulia Efimova after winning gold in 100m breast stroke. Uber driver jailed for 'despicable' murder of Glasgow shopkeeper. Taylor Swift sports kooky bedhead curls as she steps out in leggy denim overalls in NYC. Gatwick Express passenger decapitated leaning out of train window at Wandsworth Common. Family of 'clock boy' Ahmed Mohamed file lawsuit against Dallas school. Carlotta Ferlito sparks fury with racist jibe at new world champion Simone Biles. Drunk man, 22, scales security fence before spending 14 minutes in Buckingham Palace gardens as police step up hunt for another man caught near the grounds . David Boudia and Steele Johnson snatch a silver for Team USA in synchronized platform dive. Kansas City man recalls close call on world's tallest waterslide after boy's death. Former Iran president Ahmadinejad writes to Barack Obama over $2B court ruling. Moscow woman's naked photo with baby son to promote public breastfeeding sweeps Instagram. Video of cheeky dolphin snatching iPad out of the hand of visitor at SeaWorld in Orlando. Ryan Lochte shares adorable video of his 95-year-old grandmother carrying 'Olympic torch'. Orlando night club shooter's father spotted smiling at Hillary Clinton rally in Florida. Sheffield Tesco customer holds a 'funeral' for the dead worm he found on his cucumber. Ken Wharfe tells how Diana was wounded by the lie that Harry was James Hewitt's son . Channel 7 commentator announces Chinese swimmer Sun Yang at Rio 2016 as a 'cheat'. Stray dog waits SIX MONTHS outside Argentina hotel for German air stewardess. 'Excellent and determined' Army officer, 40, was killed when a generator fell from the back of a lorry and crushed her as she walked with her husband and dog. Dutch cyclist Annemiek van Vleuten reveals scars of horror fall in Olympic road race. Sydney student Mirna Salihin drinks coffee her friend Jessica Wongso 'laced with cyanide'. Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson slams male Fast 8 co-stars in Facebook rant. Miss BumBum 2016 contestants bring traffic to a standstill in thong bikinis in Brazil . US Olympian Michael Phelps supports Lilly King and Australia's Mack Horto anti-drug campaign. Shoppers share photos of their unfortunate purchases on Facebook. French Olympic fencer left embarrassed as PHONE falls out of his pocket at Rio 2016. Eye-tracking glasses reveal just how quickly their gaze strays. Brazilian gymnast wows Rio crowd with floor routine featuring music by Beyonce. British woman in a coma after a gas canister fell and crushed her at Greek nightclub. Ethiopian swimmer displays an Olympic paunch at Rio 2016 before coming last. Couple plague neighbours with texts asking him to be silent EVERY time their baby has a nap. Victoria's Secret campaign comes under fire for Photoshopping AGAIN on Instagram. Video of Labrador who finds a giant sex toy while being taken for a walk in Merseyside. Bizarre scenes at synchronised diving final as the pool turns GREEN. Daphne Joy shows off her curves in a low-cut swimsuit during Vegas getaway. Rochester bodybuilding 52-year-old shows off her ripped abs proving it's never too late. Donald Trump 'suggests' Second Amendment advocates assassinate Hillary Clinton. Iriss and Abyss the cats with blue and hazel eyes have own Instagram account. Simone Biles and Team USA gymnasts take center stage as final begins in Rio . Grieving parents of Google executive raped, murdered and set on fire thank the community for their support at vigil. Duke of Westminster dead aged 64. Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green welcome third son. Amber Heard 'refused to testify against estranged husband Johnny Depp'. French Olympic star says he 'feels sick' seeing Sun Yang win Rio 2016 gold. Inside Justin Bieber's lavish $3,976-a-night Hawaii vacation rental . Deadly toxic chemicals found in drinking water for at least 6 MILLION Americans. Princess Eugenie details her daily routine as she poses up for Harper's Bazaar. Arkansas rape victim comes forward after 40 years to call Hillary Clinton a 'liar'. Wife comes home to find her husband in bed with another woman in Bangkok. Serena Williams beaten by Svitolina at Rio Olympics 2016. Teen Amy Inita Joyner-Francis killed in high school fight had her FINGERNAILS ripped out. Katie Ledecky holds off Sarah Sjostrom in 200m freestyle to win her second gold in Rio. Michael Phelps thrashes Chad Le Clos to win TWENTIETH Olympic gold medal. Fearless free climber performs pull ups in palm-sweating video of him 80ft up a crane. Facebook bans picture of cancer sufferer posted by widower for being too 'suggestive' . Male anorexia survivor who weighed 41kg says men shouldn't be ashamed. Mum proudly shares picture of her little girl only for her to be body shamed by vile trolls. Toddler with a 'ticking timebomb' growing on her leg takes first steps without limping. Woman poses for hilarious 'I said yes' photo shoot with her new job offer. Donald Trump's mother revealed in previously unseen photos taken in Scotland. Simone Biles' biological mom reveals rift after she was forced to give her and siblings up. Contortionist sets herself alight before bending over to fire arrows with her feet. German family travel to Russia... and claim ASYLUM. Mum of quintuplets says her babies sleep for 10 hours a night. Rio Olympics media bus shooting to be investigated by police in Brazil. Bake Off's Nadiya Hussain reveals the REAL reason she chose to wear a headscarf. Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson's Instagram about 'candy ass' co-stars 'was about Vin Diesel'. Ex-chief constable's expose of 'corrupt boys' club' culture among senior officers. Justin Bieber holds hands with Sofia Richie during romantic afternoon on the beach. Prince George's godfather set to inherit his father Duke of Westminster's estate. Live like a superstar with your family and friends in Jamaica. Elite British troops seen defending Syrian rebel base against ISIS for the first time. Newcastle fisherman Bradley Masterson snared by paedophile hunters Dark Justice. Chichester father's throat slit by glass of wing mirror biker deliberately knocked off. Oldham father Clive Royales 'had 2-year relationship with 12-year-old girl'. Yorkshire ghosthunter Mark Vernon captures footage of a 'spectre' drifting between rooms. Angelina Jolie will NOT be teaching at Georgetown University despite reports she would lecture on 'women, peace and security'. Team USA's athletes turn to the ancient remedy to keep their bodies. Heartbreaking moment mother removes veil forced on her by ISIS. Documentary claims Cary Grant lived with a male designer but was forced to cover up. After flossing is declared pointless, dentists reveal the dos and don'ts of oral hygiene. Dunkirk trailer features one 'smirking extra' during trailer. How Princess Diana undertook a series of ill-fated affairs . Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu's wins her second gold at Rio 2016. Twelve babies killed after fire rips through maternity ward at Baghdad hospital . Dubai air crash survivor wins a million dollars six days later. Rio 2016 gymnast Alexa Moreno is targeted by vicious body-shamers on Twitter. Spanish baby is born while still inside the amniotic sac captured on video. Seven's Amanda Abate trolled on Twitter for calling Sun Yang a 'cheat' at Rio Olympic 2016. Appalling video shows a Walsall 'prostitute' arguing with an elderly man. Supercar season kicks off in Mayfair with Rolls Royce and Lamborghini. Police siege Danish asylum centre after migrant threatens to blow himself up . French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot bears an UNCANNY resemblance to Kate Middleton. Trump rows back on 'assassination'  and Second Amendment comments about Hillary Clinton. Florida police accidentally shoot and kill woman during training exercise. Kylie Jenner shows off ruby hair styled into cornrows on Snapchat ahead of birthday. Woman saves toddler after catching Ohio man 'raping 3-year-old in garage'. Sun Yang reveals long fingernail after shark teeth at Rio Olympics 2016. Helpless elephant calf is brought down and killed by a lion in Zimbabwe. Instagram's Madame Kush hasn't had a haircut in FIVE years and wears her mane as an outfit. Chinese teacher is stripped naked and publicly ashamed by angry parents. The celebrations and traditions of Indonesia's rarely seen Dani tribe. Georgia mom's awkward advice about 'when your daughter brings home a black man'. Sofia Richie wears pajamas as she leaves Justin Bieber's home early in the morning. Model sisters who have the same haircut, eat the same food and even workout together. Kylie Jenner poses for a sultry snap in a red swimsuit. Police won't rule out links between NYC and Massachusetts killings of lookalike joggers. Jesus statue opens its eyes in eerie footage from inside a Mexican church. Twitter shows Rio footage that makes male divers appear NAKED. Rebecca Adlington is overcome with emotion when Michael Phelps kisses baby Boomer . Tragedy of the Indian boy whose eyes bleed and POP OUT. Did Malia Obama smoke MARIJUANA at Lollapalooza?. Judge's response to racist thug John Hennigan who hurled abuse from the dock. Childhood photos reveal how Team USA's brightest stars have changed. Shocking video shows a lion attacking a BABY on live TV. Dead antelope impales huge python gorging on its flesh in South Africa. A look at athletes in their first Olympic appearance and how they look now. Two planes land safely at Brussels Airport following bomb threats. Parents who make their children follow a vegan lifestyle will be JAILED in Italy . Wedded couple find a way to get round team's 'no flypasts' rule for Red Arrows shot. Team GB wins SECOND gold at Rio 2016 with Joe Clarke in kayak K1. Boy who was injured at a Cumbria holiday park swimming pool dies in hospital . Gigi Gorgeous detained at Dubai Airport and denied entry for being transgender woman. Disneyland Paris 'evacuated after suspect package found at train station'. Bernie Sanders spends $600k on holiday home next to a picturesque lake. Shocking video shows how rafts on world's tallest slide FLEW OFF. Team GB diver Jack Laugher's girlfriend tells how she met her man on Tinder. Gabby Douglas criticised for not putting hand on her heart during US national anthem. Rio 2016 farce continues as water polo pool also changes green. Woman, 45, and three children aged 11 and 13 died in horrific eight-vehicle pile-up. Man is trying to scale Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in NYC. Caleb Schwab was 'decapitated' on Schlitterbahn park ride in Kansas City. Marital arts expert's video shows how to defend yourself against a knife attack. US triathlete Ben Kanute throws his own Olympic opening ceremony. Two dognappers are facing jail for beating up a mother in her own home. Team GB has MORE gay athletes than any other nation at Rio Olympics 2016. Kim Kardashian marvels at her 'crazy' body in skintight LBD. Rio gymnast Oksana kept competing for Uzbekistan to raise money for life-saving treatment. Olympic soldier 'shot dead' and comrades wounded in Rio slum after running into drugs gang. Hillary Clinton 'kept medical history secret due to presidential ambition'. Cadbury's forced to pull 'racist' TV ad for Picnic chocolate bars featuring Indian actor. Armenian weightlifter Andranik Karapetyan suffers hyperextended elbow injury in Rio 2106. Hugh Jackman looks dramatically older in recent Instagram photo. Paul Pogba's mum wastes no time in stocking up with bags of Manchester United shirts with her son's name on the back. Rio Olympic Games: Which countries win the most medals per capita?. Pokemon Go accused of racism after more Poke Stops in white neighborhoods . Life Studios Inc shoot couple's epic engagement video in Iceland. Matt Damon's daughters 'rejected from fully booked exclusive New York private school'. Why I've cut up my contactless bank card...and you should too, says ROSS CLARK. If you're feeling tired and forgetful your Vitamin B levels could be to blame.... Video shows baby animals taking their first steps. Worst and funniest Family Feud answer ever leaves Grant Denyer lost for words. Australia's own 'gone girl' Elisabeth Membrey whose body has never been found . Obese woman who spent $100,000 on McDonald's loses 107kg. Obese couple lose THREE FEET of their combined waistlines. Mother, 23, aborts 'mermaid' child after she found out the foetus was growing a TAIL instead of legs. Donald Trump claims Obama created ISIS and names Hillary as 'co-founder'. Video shows three Russian passengers are flung from a Lada in a crash with a truck. Gay couple holding hands in Hackney Sainsbury's are 'taken outside by a security guard'. Newlywed is forced to go on honeymoon to Italy without bride after she lost passport. Wikileaks offer $20k in death of DNC staffer who conspiracy theorists say leaked emails. The multi-billion pound business owned by the Grosvenor family started 338 years ago. Clever ways to stop the menopause leaving you with lifeless, thinning locks . Tourists share their funniest hotel fails. How to size up the risks and profit from shares, property, gold and bonds. YouTube video of talking parrot mastering the perfect cat meow. YouTube video of Great Dane squeezing his body into a kayak on a lake in Virginia Beach. Utah Subway worker accused of drugging officer's drink. Are these the hardest brainteasers yet? Now SIX pictures with hidden symbols are leaving the web baffled. Passenger almost misses her flight after getting LOCKED INSIDE Birmingham Airport Boots. Paulo Gabriel da Silva Barros and Katyucia Hoshino world's smallest couple from Brazil. Ken Wharfe says the blame for Princess Diana's death lies with her bodyguard. Bella Hadid, Hailey Baldwin and Kendall display derrieres for Kylie Jenner's Bahamas birthday. North Korea is forcing construction workers to take CRYSTAL METH. Drone 'narrowly misses' passenger plane at Newquay Airport during landing. Brooklyn Beckham lunches with friend as Chloe Moretz shares topless photo he took of her. Woman tells police she was RAPED by a Pokemon Go character after she felt an 'assault'. Petrina Thong hitchhikes from Sweden to Malaysia with only $200 to last her a year. Russian Olympic swimmer who 'was robbed in Rio' posts chilling Instagram image. Michael Phelps overcame his demons to become the greatest Olympian of all time. Brisbane's Jenna Louise Driscoll pleads guilty to 'having sex with a dog'. Kylie Jenner cosies up to boyfriend Tyga as they celebrate her birthday in the Bahamas. Syrian asylum seeker puts his arm around fiancee before he was arrested in Germany. Mother of Central Park murdered jogger speaks out about Karina Vetrano. Heartbreaking last words of jogger who was murdered in a New York park . Hilarious moment Chinese swimmer finds out that she has won the bronze medal. Vin Diesel storms off Fast 8 set amid row with Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson. Romanian murderer could be paid PS500,000 damages by the taxpayer. Firefighters near Marseilles stop huge forest blaze. Outrage at Julian Assange for implicating murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich in leak. Wife stages photoshoot to surprise man with news that she is pregnant. Olympic polo players say Rio 'green pool' has TOO MUCH chlorine and is damaging their game. Bacon with the NIPPLE left on sends Reddit and social media into meltdown. Jamie Oliver shares sweet snap with baby son. Team GB's Katherine Grainger and Vicky Thornley win Olympic silver in rowing doubles. Kendall Jenner lands Vogue's September cover which she shares on Instagram. Fast 8 crew 'side with The Rock amid feud with 'arrogant' Vin Diesel'. FEMAIL tests Michelle Keegan, Myleene Klass and Charlotte Crosby's clothing ranges. Temperatures on Copacabana Beach force USA and Swiss volleyball teams to cover up. Paedophile Jamie Baker who groomed young girl on Whatsapp is jailed. Texas woman gives her great-grandmother a makeover, and the Internet falls in love . The most common scams thieves use to steal passports. Giraffe dies 'of anxiety' in latest Taiwan animal scandal. Chinese father-to-be accidentally undergoes haemorrhoid operation while wife gives birth. The adorable baby French bulldog who makes his gentle giant friend smile. Why don't more dads choose to stay at home? Because we get bullied by yummy mummies. Poachers face jail time after Malayan police find remains of two sun bears. Olympics swimmer Robel Habte dubbed 'the Whale' reveals he is recovering from a car crash. Ryan Lochte's silver dye job turns green thanks to the pool chlorine. Team GB's David Florence and Richard Hounslow win silver in Rio 2016 canoe slalom. Thailand motorbike bombs explode at a tourist hotspot killing woman and injuring several. KATIE HOPKINS says don't rush to lynch Celebrity Big Brother's Christopher Biggins. Belgian Olympic judo champ gets a black eye from female hotel receptionist. Florida man released from prison is fatally shot in ANOTHER road rage incident. Cossack vigilantes attack drunk man with a fire extinguisher. CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer 'died like a pig'. Inside Olympic swimmer Melanie Wright's fridge revealed. Belgian sailor falls sick after racing on Rio's polluted Guanabara Bay. Colton Haynes reveals father committed suicide after he told his family he was gay. British schoolgirl who fled UK to join ISIS killed by airstrike in Syria. Simone Biles in tears as she takes gold for Team USA at Rio 2016. Stillborn baby girl was 'left to rot on the hospital floor' for SIX DAYS in Kent. Team GB win gold in the team sprint cycling final at Rio Olympics 2016. Syrian asylum seeker puts his arm around fiancee before he was arrested in Germany. Iowa mother arrested after 2-year-old son found alone sucking on frozen chicken. Kenyan Olympic 2016 coach sent home from Rio after 'posing as an athlete'. Great Britain settle for rugby sevens silver as Fiji blow them away to claim Olympic gold with a 43-7 victory. Terminally ill Betsy Davis holds party before ending her life. Kylie Jenner flashes hip tattoo and rocks red wig in Bahamas. Michael Phelps chokes up about baby Boomer as he advances to 200m medley semi finals. Hillary Clinton's top aide Huma Abedin  CLEARED of ethics breaches. Two people killed in explosion in Maryland suburb of Washington DC. Donald Trump insists he was RIGHT to call Obama 'the founder of ISIS'. Bar Refaeli 'gives birth to healthy baby girl' in Tel Aviv. Twitter explodes as Olympic athletes display bizarre barnets at Rio 2016. Ryan Murphy wins 200m gold in Rio but Missy Franklin has disappointing race. Residents defend their homes as forest fire rages in Madeira Islands . Michael Phelps wins 22nd Olympic gold medal in men's 200m individual medley final. Firebombs and homemade explosives injure dozens in Thailand as tourists warned to be alert. Simone Manuel becomes the first black woman to win individual Olympic swimming gold. Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi tested positive to drugs at Rio Olympics 2016. Magazine editor and mother of four LORRAINE CANDY appears the picture of success, yet here she reveals...her secret battle with anxiety - and how she beat it. What do you do when treatment to save your life could kill your unborn child?. Story behind the death of the beauty who inspired some of Leonard Cohen's greatest song. Michael Phelps beats Ryan Lochte and wins 200m medley final for medal 26 in Rio Olympics. The FBI wanted the Justice Department to investigate the Clinton Foundation. Fijian rugby players kneel for Princess Anne as she awards gold medal at Rio Olympics. Primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of the shop. Academy award-winner Francis Ford Coppola unveils a private island hideaway in Belize. Journey to Health's Simone Anderson gets facial fillers to tighten her excess skin. Disneyland princess brings a smile a deaf girl day by talking to her in sign language. How Switzerland decided to mark opening of Gotthard Base Tunnel. Paralyzing toxins in Botox 'DO spread to other parts of your body. Rich Kid of Instagram says she didn't realise 'not everyone could afford designer bags'. Princess Diana's former protection officer offers frank assessments of the princes. Afia the baby gorilla hitches a ride on the back of her keeper at Bristol Zoo. The Queen Mother's first crush revealed in 100-year-old letters with a Private. Justin Bieber and Sofia Richie enjoy a cosy private jet ride. Kylie Jenner's fugitive boyfriend Tyga takes break from PDA show to settle legal dispute with landlord to avoid jail. The Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe is going to a proper jail after being declared sane. Foxtons estate agents sacked after 'brawling' outside Boris Johnson's home. One Foot In The Grave's Richard Wilson suffers heart attack. Fake hair's more convincing than ever as one in three women now has hair extensions. London opens its first NAKED sun terrace in Parliament Square. British jihadi bride Kadiza Sultana was too scared to flee ISIS after public execution. The 'spornosexual' rely on toning their bodies and posting selfies for status. The expletive moment diving champ Chris Mears couldn't find his trousers. Innocent Rio teenager is shot dead by police hunting murderers of Olympic soldier. Two people seriously injured in shooting near Zaragoza shopping centre in Spain  . Rich Kids of Instagram brag about their private jets, shopping and Champagne. How 4ft 9in Team USA gymnast Simone Biles pulls off cartwheeling routine. USA's Simone Biles and Katie Ledecky share a number of coincidences in their path to glory. Cat with four ears nicknamed Batman finds a new home. Kendall Jenner weighs in on Kris and Caitlyn's war of words over transgender identity . Hilarious moment Olympic tennis fan busts some outrageous moves in the crowd. Mysterious Greenland Shark can swim for almost 400 years and mature at 150. British bus driver 'is refused a job interview in Watford because he's not ROMANIAN' . Kim Kardashian wears sexy cami and leather mini on date with Kanye West in Santa Monica. Hugh Grant fails to recognize recent image of Renee Zellweger on Bravo's WWHL. Beyonce flashes her assets in extreme plunging nude dress with thigh-split. Matthew McConaughey and Camila Alves cheer on Michael Phelps at Rio Olympics 2016. Now the Rio Olympic diving pool SHUTS after water goes green. Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill wins 100m hurdles heat at Rio 2016. The most ridiculous reasons customers have returned items. Australia's sculling team  win silver behind Germany in the men's fours at Rio 2016. Woman told she can't find out where her lost PS800 cat is because of data protection. Heather Glover and Helen Stanning take victory in British rowing pairs in Rio Olympics. NY dog owner picks up his pooch from the groomer to find she has been SHAVED. Heartwrenching moment 18-year-old woman asks her 'father figure' to become legal dad. Defeated Egyptian judoka REFUSES to shake hands with Israeli rival at Rio Olympics. Ryanair passenger who ran across runway to catch missed flight was chasing WRONG plane. Police seize footage of man seen close to woodlands where Google executive was murdered. Shocking CCTV from Delhi shows over 200 people pass by hit and run victim. Groom surprises his bride on their wedding day by having a MONKEY walk up the aisle. Heartwarming video shows German shepherd carrying tiny kitten upstairs. US gymnast Aly Raisman predicted she would make it to the Olympics in camp yearbook . Shocking video of moment disabled teen is tackled by Memphis airport security. South African female footballer targeted by Twitter trolls for 'cupping her crotch' at Rio. Michael Phelps' baby is media darling the morning after dad's historic win at Rio 2016. Rio 206 sprinter Kariman Abuljadayel is first Saudi woman to compete in 100m. Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson is FIRED for kicking a co-executive producer. Track and field starts at the Rio Olympics 2016 - but virtually nobody turns up. Convicted pedophile Jerry Sandusky denies that he molested boys. Team USA knocked OUT by Sweden 4-3 in Olympic women's soccer. Team GB's Bryony Page gets silver with shock trampoline win at Rio Olympics 2016. German Olympic delegation fighting for life after high-speed head-on collision in Rio. Kendall Jenner puts Vogue cover body on display.. Irish rowers enchant the internet after silver medal win at Rio Olympics. Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey has his conviction overturned. Brother of boy decapitated on water slide cheated death when they couldn't ride together. Kington sisters abused a six-year-old boy and repeatedly molested him for 14 years. China's Sun Yang fails to qualify for 1500m final and rules out a showdown with Mack Horton. Bradley Wiggins leads GB to gold in cycling team pursuit and sets new WR. Finnish weightlifter celebrates before passing out and falling off stage at Rio Olympics. Jo Pavey has no intentions of retiring ahead of 10,000m at Rio Olympics. Meet the American Olympians who work day jobs to fund their gold medal dreams. Are these Rio's most pampered competitors? Olympic HORSES get massages. Skye Wheatley pays Sydney surgeon $28K to fix her 'wonky' Bangkok boob job. Joy of coach Marta Karolyi, who helped Simone Biles to double Olympic gold. Mother thrown out a West End performance of American Idiot for breastfeeding. Friends and family mourn the boy who was decapitated riding world's tallest waterslide. Jet Blue flight is forced to make emergency landing in South Dakota. Team USA's gold medalist favorites bask in each other's greatness. Rio Olympics fans' hilarious Twitter reactions as they watch the Games on TV. Maya Dirado beats Hungary's Iron Lady Katinka Hosszu in 200m backstroke final. Michael Phelps loses 100m butterfly final to Singapore's Joseph Schooling at Rio Olympics. Usain Bolt lines up alongside three 100m finalists who served a drug ban. Katie Ledecky sets a new world record and smashes the competition in 800m freestyle in Rio. Anthony Ervin becomes the oldest swimmer ever to win gold at the Olympics at the age of 35. Millie Mackintosh ditches boyfriend Hugo Taylor to kiss best friend Caggie Dunlop in France. Tourists in Portugal are left terrified as a low-flying military jet flies skims beach . Can YOU spot the mistakes? Now even more brainteasers to leave you baffled. How Under Armour is reaping the rewards of Phelps and USA gymnastics team. Video of Stanford father who built 360 degree swing in his back garden. Michigan classic car collection sold at auction for more than $300,000. Hailey Baldwin splashes around with Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid. Taxi driver raped 18-year-old girl and touched a woman's leg before fleeing to India. Artful photos show what a 100 calories look like. Rio 2016: Matilda's coach slams Brazil's goalkeeper for 'fudging the rules' and coming off her line to deny Australia a gold medal in Rio. A mother's priceless reaction after her daughter flies across the globe to surprise her. Is YOUR partner using a 'spy app'?How secret smartphone technology lets suspicious spouses  access other mobiles remotely. PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish. Revealed, the five reasons you can't lose weight. When dogs join a catfight. Mel Gibson admits he 'wouldn't have survived' without getting sober. Lancashire father banned from children's school after wearing T-shirt with swear word. photographer Brian Romeijn captures the decaying 'Orient Express' train. Nigel Farage's moustache sends Twitter into meltdown. Hairdresser at M&M Friseure Salon pulls woman's locks into four bunches to cut it. LEGOLAND Windsor sex attacker hunted by police after 2 little girls are assaulted. Dutch gymnast Yuri van Gelder was thrown out of the Olympics for drinking in Rio. William and Kate's holiday in media mogul Michael Green's French chateau. Pope Francis meets with 20 former prostitutes by knocking on their door in Rome. Donald Trump allegedly has close ties to Russia according to Kremlin expert. Judge who told thug he was a 'c***' after he hurled abuse faces a probe into HER conduct . Man allegedly steals penis pump from sex shop in Mildura in Victoria. Florida mom appears in court for manslaughter after son beat his baby sister to death. The man who turned wonky spuds into a multi-million pound fortune. Man gets friends to dress as fake cops in balaclavas, ambush his girlfriend to propose. Murder probe launched as man dies following a brutal assault at Burnham pub. BBC presenter Jill Douglas puts Sir Steve Redgrave in his place as he barges past her to hug Sir Bradley Wiggins. Florida mother charged after son beats newborn sister to death. Princess Diana insisted on taking her 'secret mascot' sex toy with her. Police outside London are 'woefully' unprepared for a Paris-style terrorist attack. Olympic nutritionist and trainer outline how to improve your game. US government will NOT reclassify marijuana, DEA says after lengthy review. Syrian women sets fire to niqab on the street after ISIS flee Manbij. Is your phone at risk? Security flaw in Android devices could give hackers access data. Bella Hadid grabs Hailey Baldwin's rear as the bikini babes enjoy their Caribbean getaway. Kylie Jenner gives her Kim Kardashian a run for her money in the Bahamas. Donald Trump says he was 'not THAT sarcastic' about jab that Obama 'founded' ISIS. Kylie Minogue cuts a youthful figure as she hits dance studios in West London. The man who'll make you love Britain anew even the bits we all moan about. Simone Biles overcame appalling childhood to win Olympic gymnastics gold. Petrified family are driven out of their home by an angry POLTERGEIST. Team GB wins ANOTHER gold in men's eight rowing minutes after their first ever Olympic medal in the women's with a silver. Johnny Depp's court battle gets even uglier as video emerges of actor 'throwing glass and bottle' at Amber Heard... but she DENIES leaking it as she flies to LA ahead of deposition. Team Australia's Kim Brennan wins gold medal in women's single sculling at Rio Olympics. Urgent hunt for missing schoolgirl who disappeared in Stockton-on Tees. Estonian sisters to be the first identical triplets to compete at the Olympics against each other. Video shows a DEAD prawn in sushi 'coming back to life' and flailing its tail. Swiss train passengers injured by man in fire and knife rampage. SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: And the bride wore NOTHING! Charlie Gilmour and his new wife leap naked into a river in front of their guests  . Usain Bolt eases through the heats in 100m at the Rio Olympics . How Singapore's Joseph Schooling beat his idol Michael Phelps at Rio 2016. Kenny Baker who portrayed Star Wars' R2-D2 is dead at 81. New audio of Mel Gibson lashing into ex surfaces a day after she lost her child support. Olympic Irish rowers have studio in fits of laughter with latest interview at Rio 2016. Lilly King questions Justin Gatlin's participation at Rio 2016. Sharon Stone suffers nip-slip while in leopard-print bikini at Venice beach. Ohio cops find boy on the street trying to sell his TEDDY BEAR in exchange for a meal. Russian diver Nadezhda Bazhina gets zero points after embarrassing back flop. Rio Olympic chiefs will drain diving pool as it continues to turn green. Queen Victoria's VERY raunchy side revealed in ITV's new bonkbuster. Russia's only track and field athlete Darya Klishina is suspended 'for doping'. Florida woman's hand bitten off by alligator in the Everglades. Laura Trott wins gold in women's pursuit at Rio Olympics. Meet Instagram star Chloe Kardoggian the tiny dog with a giant tongue. California paper apologizes after referring to Simone Manuel as 'African-American'. 30C heat next week might bring a toxic smog with it from Spanish plume. One Foot In The Grave's Richard Wilson is 'fighting for his life' in hospital. New York heatwave could cause cockroaches to fly in right conditions. New York gunman kills imam and assistant as they leave mosque in hate attack. Princess Eugenie 'will wed long-term boyfriend James Brookbank' in 2017. Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik look glum as they touch down in Los Angeles. Fans can STILL get a ticket to watch Usain Bolt in Sunday's 100m final. Team GB's Martyn Rooney sorry for swearing live on BBC after crashing out of the 400m . ISIS bride who fled from Britain that was killed wanted to flee but was 'encouraged to stay'. Kim Kardashian visits her favorite cosmetic doctor as she looks thinner than ever. Muslim fencer who is the first US Olympian to compete while wearing a hijab wins bronze in the women's sabre. Philadelphia mafia king 'Skinny Joey' makes bail but it looks like a return awaits . Hillary Clinton's foundation investigation led by New York prosecutor Preet Bharara. The shocking moment a hunter BLOWS UP a herd of feral pigs . Heartwarming video shows 79-year-old man with Alzheimer's singing his heart out with son. Mo Farah's wife gushes on Instagram as Olympic hero dedicates gold medal to his family. Democrat Party hacked again as 'Russian hacker' leaks phone number of each house delegate. California college denounces black student's non-white roommate request. Simone Manuel wins silver in Women's 50m freestyle. Pyrenees water-bombing plane flies past just feet above the ground and pedestrians heads. Michael Phelps wins gold in his last Olympic race in the Men's 4x100m relay . Kim Kardashian shares rare photo with Saint AND North on Instagram. Rio 2016 Olympians come a poor second to a warthog, emperor penguin and a pitbull. Jess Ennis-Hill wins silver medal in heptathlon as Belgian Nafissatou Thiam takes gold. Chancellor pledges to help those who will suffer after Brexit. Southampton mother who called 999 hundreds of times to chat is spared jail for THIRD time . Surge in men wanting penis-enhancing treatment to make their manhood wider. So to stay healthy have cherries before bed and bananas for tea . The secret to a long life? JOGGING: Expert reveals six simple tips. Perseid meteor shower illuminates the night skies around the world. Hope Solo admits she's 'bad' at losing after calling the Swedish team 'cowards'. Eastbourne crash kills two people in a PARKED car after driver smashes into them. Experts explain why sleeping naked is good for you. London skincare guru shares her top tips on how to protect and care for your eyes. Meal prep craze sweeps Instagram. Woman turns her wedding dress in to 'Angel Gowns' for babies who die in hospital . Scientists say one cup of coffee a day can reduce the chances of cardiac damage by 20%. Why you SHOULDN'T check emails outside of work. Sydney scientists trial new nasal spray that could be used to treat autism. CCTV video of a baseball-cap wearing pensioner deliberately keying an Audi in Kent. Johnny Depp filmed going berserk at Amber Heard in vicious argument. BBC rules out remaking the classic World War II comedy 'Allo 'Allo. Nigel Farage's aide George Cottrell  held in US over money laundering claims. Nigel Farage goes canvassing for Ukip for the final time in Newington. China developing a hypersonic space plane which could cut the cost of space travel. At least three dead and 1,000 forced to abandon their homes after flood waters ravage swathes of Louisiana. Jamaican Elaine Thompson beats out Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce to win 100m Olympic gold. Team GB wins silver medal in Michael Phelps' golden farewell in 4x100m medley relay. Toronto playground smothered in peanut butter 'to target kids with allergies'. Peru Two drugs mule Michaella McCollum returns home to Ireland after release from jail. The glamorous side of the Rio Olympics - Aussie athletes unwind off the track. David Gest 'died after suffering a stroke'. The superfoods in your fridge that can be used to create delicious meals. Florida teacher's open letter about why she's quitting her job after ten years goes viral. Arnold Schwarzenegger looks much younger than his years. Lancashire schoolboy becomes Britain's youngest Viagra addict at 13. Olympics green pools are caused by ALGAE after chemical was dumped in the water. Oscar Pistorius put on suicide watch in South African jail. Manchester Utd's Anthony Martial 'ditched the mother of their baby daughter' . Princess Charlotte and Prince George to accompany Kate and Wills on Royal tour in Canada. Rebecca Adlington giggles as Mark Foster flashes his chest to show 'tattoo' of her face. Posh and Becks set to LOSE PS4million on their South of France mansion. Kate Middleton and Prince William enjoy luxury hotel breaks thanks to royal connections. Idaho family saves 4-year-old daughter snatched by mountain lion on camping trip . Daughter admits lying about being raped by father after reading Fifty Shades of Grey. Woman dies of injuries after being doused with flammable liquid in Swiss train attack . Jamie Oliver shares Instagram of newborn son and wife Jools. Brexit could be delayed until late 2019 because officials won't be ready for month. Making A Murderer could lead to the freeing of a man who may be a killer. Olympic gold medalist Ryan Lochte was 'held at GUNPOINT at party in Rio' . Paul Bradshaw impaled by his neck on a iron spike in motorbike crash recovers. Bangladesh in fascinating aerial photos by Shamim Shorif Susom. Dubai to open Hilton hotel with a rainforest. Harry Potter play tickets are selling online for over PS8,300 . Airbnb listings in Rio de Janeiro's favelas. After celebrating gold medal win, Britain's cyclists go online to lament hangovers . Video of a bird's funeral in Swinton goes viral. Paedophile Shin Takagi who makes child-like sex dolls says he is an 'artist'. Brazilian bride-to-be gate-crashing Dan Walker's BBC Four's Rio Olympic coverage. Britain wins gold medal in gynastics as Max Whitlock triumphs in men's individual. The Game claims that he has slept with 'three Kardashians'. Air force drops dummy nuclear bomb in Nevada in first controversial test to update cold war arsenal. Amber Heard is spotted with heavily bruised forearm while arriving in LA. Milwaukee protests end in violence after cop shot and killed a man following traffic stop. Team USA horse riders' social media rules handbook leaked online. Simone Biles wins 3rd gymnastics gold medal with vault victory. Blake Shelton blasted by fans for 'historic sexist, Islamophobic and homophobic Tweets'. Justin Bieber threatens to privatize Instagram to protect 'girlfriend' Sofia Richie. Hillary Clinton had a 'seizure' on camera, right-wing conspiracy theorists claim. Australian Olympic athletes banned from Rio beaches after dark. Milwaukee protests end in violence after cop shot and killed a man following traffic stop. Britain wins gold medal in gynastics as Max Whitlock triumphs in men's individual. NYPD release CCTV footage of moment imam and assistant are shot dead outside Queens mosque. The greatest day in British Olympic history since 1908. Tinder user claims she matched with Joseph Schooling just months before Olympics win. Amateur bodybuilders show off their perfectly sculpted and painstakingly bronzed. Simone Biles wins 3rd gymnastics gold medal with vault victory. South Africa sprinter Wayde van Niekerk is trained by 74-year old great grandmother. Pope Francis treats Rome's homeless to day trips to the beach with pizza for dinner. Chinese swimmer Fu Yuanhui opens up on live stream. Laura Trott SLEEPS with her gold medal... and checks it wasn't all a dream. Inside North Korea's first ever beer festival in Pyongyang. Andy Murray wins gold medal after 4 hour final against Juan Martin Del Potro. Olympics golf final chaos as clueless spectator PICKS UP Justin Rose's ball. Jeff Henderson dedicates his Olympic gold medal to his mom who has Alzheimer's. Lyndon Baines Johnson slept with prostitutes from The Chicken Ranch brothel. Donald Trump blasts 'disgusting media' after New York Times run intervention article. Usain Bolt wins 100m Olympic final for 3rd gold medal. JFK Airport shooting reports of shots being fired as 2 terminals are shut down. Drug dealer is killed in the street in Philippines by police. Pictures of horrifying moment a plane crashes into the sea at Herne Bay air show. Bill Clinton slams FBI director over statements about Hillary Clinton's emails . Kevin Hart and Eniko Parrish wed in elegant ceremony... and the bride wore TWO gowns. Texas DA assistant responsible for prosecuting DWI cases is arrested on suspicion of DWI . Margot Robbie's 'doesn't want to know' father Doug after leaving her as a baby. Jamie Foxx, Spike Lee and girlfriend Anne Wojcicki celebrate Yankee players party. British tourist stabbed to death in Ayia Napa and his friend injured in street attack. Ipswich Town owner Marcus Evans faces probe over profiteering in Olympic ticketing scam. Hindu chariot procession in Ealing attracts thousands of visitors. Ariel Winter flashes derriere AND cleavage in revealing summer wear... before stripping down to just her swimsuit. British teenager was forced at gunpoint to marry her cousin in Pakistan then raped. Two deaths in Philadelphia blamed on heatwave which is crippling the Northeast with temperatures soaring well into the 100s. Bristol International Balloon Fiesta sees over 100 hot air balloons in the sky. Sharny and Julius Kieser gain weight to prove that their FitMum and FitDad programs work. Alaskan mother bear gets all protective when her cubs slip over a waterfall. British Airways stops serving second meal on certain flights. LA serial killer Lonnie Frankiln sentenced to death. Muslims attend Britain's biggest Islamic gathering to reject violence and extremism. Rio Olympics trophy for medalists has baffled internet users over its purposes. Louis Smith emotional over silver medal but is slammed for not shaking Max Whitlock's hand. Chinese diver He Zi wins silver medal and gets surprise engagement from fellow diver QIn Kai. Caster Semenya sparks ethical debate over whether she should compete as a women. Brett Stanley's photos show pole dancers performing routines in California pool. Lindsay Lohan enjoys private yacht break as ex Egor Tarabasov parties in St tropez. Bacon is back for breakfast despite link between processed meat and cancer . Selena Gomez calls out Justin Bieber for 'cheating multiple times' in Instagram row. Court bid to save Buster the dog after judge ruled to put him down on evidence of video. Papua New Guinea where villagers mummify their ancestors and keep their remains. Amber Heard gives 7 hour deposition ahead of domestic violence hearing with Johnny Depp. Usain Bolt's vow to celebrate with royaly - but only if he wins the Olympics first. Michael Phelps towers over Simone Biles in photo of Olympic gold medalists. Ex-footballer Dalian Atkinson tried to kill his father, 85. Woman who kidnapped baby known as 'South Africa's Madeleine McCann' is jailed. Gabby Douglas' mother Natalie Hawkins hits back at bullies over her nickname. Kristen Stewart reveals she 'used to puke every day' in panic. Maria Sharapova cuts a casual figure in lace shorts as she steps out in NYC. Nice airport evacuated after 'suspicious package' is discovered . Corsica clash ends with a man being harpooned over a photo of women in burkinis. Usain Bolt smiling for camera during 100m Olympic final spawns internet memes . Louisiana flooding produces eerie image of caskets floating down street. Greg Rutherford heartbroken after Olympic robbers steal phone full of pictures. How Christ the Redeemer was built in fascinating photos. Michael Phelps looks forward to being full-time dad. Texas mother confesses to drowning her 2 kids. Charlie Hebdo warned of an imminent attack after latest edition mocks Muslims. The Project host Waleed Aly schools leader of far-right group Party For Freedom. From floating faeces to diving injuries, swimmers share their stories of public baths. Ryan Lochte downplays gunpoint robbery outside Olympic Village in Rio. Beyonce takes a dip in the sea with water baby Blue Ivy on Italian holiday. Trucker found love by texting number he found scrawled on toilet wall. Ex-husband confesses to 'honour killing' of 28-year-old British woman in Pakistan. Graduate bows out of accountancy firm PwC with email complaining the work was boring. Trailer for Rob & Chyna Blac's new Kardashian reality show. Jessica Ennis-Hill RETIRES from Olympics to be a #supermum to son. 20 people are killed in air strike on Doctors Without Borders hospital in Yemen. Britain's biggest family the Radfords are expecting a THIRD grandchild. Oklahoma husband serenades his wife of 50 years during anniversary celebration. Brazil's synchronised diving pair split over SEX scandal at Rio 2016. Arsene Wenger: We were not ready for game against Liverpool... and I don't know when my Arsenal players will be ready. Rio Olympic diving pool water is blue again. Condom guy in Rio Olympics becomes Twitter sensation. Michael Phelps' death stare is now a tattoo on someone's leg. Michael Phelps says he is 'done' and retiring from swimming on Today. Photo of Johnny Depp's cut finger after hearing Amber Heard had affair with Billy Bob Thronton'. New York Imam and assistant executed in broad daylight as police arrest suspect. Rio resident spots a SEVERED LEG floating in the water miles from Olympics sailing events. ISIS executes six 'spies' by BOILING them in TAR after Iraqi Sharia court ruling. Russian military is building new underground bunkers to withstand nuclear war. Rio Olympic officials apologize to Ryan Lochte for his gun-point robbery ordeal in Brazil. Simone Biles goes for fourth gold medal in the balance beam competition at Rio Olympics. Virgin America passenger goes viral after arriving at airport check-in her underwear. Donald Trump's campaign manager and the '$12m payments listed in secret Ukrainian ledger'. Terrifying video shows police shouting as JFK was shut down over gunshot fears. ISIS recruitment forms reveal 70% of members have hardly any knowledge of Islam. German Olympic coach Stefan Henze dies after his taxi was hit in head-on crash in Rio. Four Olympic Park spectators are left bloodied after drone camera crashes on them  . Dramatic moment a zookeeper is saved from a charging leopard by a tiger. Mother's joy after daughter confuses sanitary towels and insoles. Islamists hack to death over 60 people in revenge for military operations in DR of Congo . French Aurelie Muller stripped of her Rio 2016 title in women's 10km swim. California put 42 children under the age of one on its gang database watchlist. Michael Schumacher IS responding to treatment claims former Ferrari president. Kazakhstani Olympic weightlifting champion's does funny dance after he wins gold. Whisper users reveal their honeymoon horror stories. Jenny Davies says in Facebook video that she thinks she's faster than Usain Bolt. Mark Cavendish causes horror crash during Omnium race at Rio 2016. Melodramatic tweets show people's despair as Autumn beckons. Farmers' Almanac predicts an 'ice cold' winter as it celebrates 200th anniversary. USA basketball team continue to have a blast in Rio with a game of beach volleyball. Idris Elba is mobbed by fans as he steps out in east London to perform DJ set. Donald Trump plans to quiz immigrants on beliefs on gay rights and religion. Kim Jong-un labels DOG MEAT a 'superfood' in a bid to encourage North Koreans to eat it. Milwaukee Police Chief: 'Body camera supports shooting that sparked riots'. Kylie Minogue 'wants to marry fiance Joshua Sasse in Melbourne later this year'. Charlotte Dujardin defends dressage Olympic title to win another gold for Team GB. Mother turns herself into police after she was caught 'faking daughter's cancer'. Bahamas' Shaunae Miller DIVES over the finish line of the 400m to deny Allyson Felix gold. Yorkshire Cat Rescue kitten looking for new home being born with huge front paws. Tom Brady gushes over Gisele Bundchen at Rio Olympics adding she's an 'amazing woman'. Dazzling photos of Americans on vacation in the 60s capture the golden age of motels. Gymnast Gabby Douglas hits back at Twitter bullies. Great Britain swimming coach Bill Furniss insists drugs cheats robbed Team GB of more Olympic medals. Kendall Jenner calls 911 after stalker appears her outside new West Hollywood home. Rock photographer Baron Wolman reveals archive of evocative images from Woodstock Festival. Public Interest Lawyers closes down after spending taxpayers money hounding troops. Drug dealers in the Philippines killed on the streets of Manila. Woman performs kung fu routine with a pair of nunchucks and even lights a MATCH. Hailey Baldwin shows her daring side as she tries out a jet pack on the ocean. Paul Pogba serves up ice cream on day off ahead of making Manchester United debut. Chinese Olympic swimmer Fu Yuanhui reveals she got her period before 4x100m medley relay. Justin Bieber DELETES his Instagram amid drama with Sofia Richie and ex Selena Gomez. Kylie and Kendall Jenner's $50m rental estate in Turks and Caicos. BBC's Great British Bake Off 2016 line up is revealed . Migrants with knives targeting motorists using bats as weapons say Calais locals. Underwater video shows a dolphin giving birth before taking her calf to the surface. Dalian Atkinson attempted to murder his father before police Tasered him to death. Colorado woman next to terminal mother has ultrasound and finds she's going to have baby. Swimmer Joseph Schooling  returns to Singapore a hero after Rio Olympics. Ethiopia's Etenesh Diro makes Rio Olympic steeplechase final despite running without shoe. Online porn leads to soaring numbers seeking treatment for erectile dysfunction. Corsica bans the burqini following brawl between North Africans and locals. Austria train stabbing leaves 2 injured after man goes on rampage. NY mayor Rudy Giuliani ridiculed for forgetting about 9/11 attacks. Billy Bob Thornton slams Johnny Depp's claim that he slept with Amber Heard. Kim Kardashian admits she does get butt injections to treat her psoriasis. Murder charges upgraded Oscar Morel accused of killing Imam and assistant. Researchers spot a 'googly-eyed' stubby squid 900 feet down on the sea floor off California. Island Capital Group's Andrew Farkas divorces wife of 15 years to date 22-year old. Spirit Airlines passenger's in-flight meltdown is caught on camera. British 13-year-old boy feared dead after being dragged out to sea in Boulogne. Justin Gatlin is booed while Usain receives biggest cheer of the night receiving gold medal. Video of gymnast Laurie Hernandez performing a sassy floor routine at age EIGHT. Dalian Atkinson's 'lovechild' tells of heartbreak after he was Tasered to death by police. Japan's Chisato Fukushima wore acupuncture patches while running at Rio 2016. Asylum seeker who avoided deportation thanks to public campaign faces jail. Leonardo DiCaprio enjoys a day of fun with supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal. Donald Trump blasts 'disgusting media' after New York Times run intervention article. Buckingham Palace scaled by knife-wielding student arrested for threat to 'kill the Queen'. Brazilian synchro girl who had session with a canoeist lost her mother at 17. Japanese pole vaulter's Olympic dream crushed because penis knocks off bar. Former Fifa president Joao Havelange dies aged 100. Jet2 passenger who yelled 'Shut that child up!' shamed by girl's mother on Facebook. Teenage trader swapped shifts at McDonald's for a unique gold Bentley. Hailey Baldwin poses in white bathing suit after being 'super upset' ex Bieber stopped following her. Dutch reporter says Mark Cavendish had a tantrum when asked about pile-up with Korean cyclist. Liverpool mother who spent PS2k on lip fillers says she wants to go even BIGGER. 'Human Ken Doll' who has spent more than PS350,000 on plastic surgery is beaming on date night in Hollywood. Anjem Choudary found guilty of inciting support for ISIS and will face jail time. Marimar Quiroa born with facial tumour is a YouTube star with her beauty tutorials. Woman puts wedding dress on eBay to pay for her divorce from 'cheating husband'. World's first pyramid... in KAZAKHSTAN: Scientists discover tomb structure was built 1,000 years BEFORE those in Egypt . Is Rio 2016 the most dangerous Olympics so far?. Johnny Depp and Amber Heard reach settlement 'close to $10million' in divorce. US and New Zealand runners HELP each other finish the race after fall during 5,000m . Selena Gomez 'apologizes' after Justin Bieber DELETES his Instagram. How Anjem Choudary's sermons inspired a generation of home-grown terrorists. Uncanny Annie blogger sparks debate after sharing a photo of herself on the toilet. Olympic tourists caught up in gun battle between criminals and police in shopping mall. Former ballet dancer becomes first British woman to win medal in HAMMER THROWING. Leah Senibaldi whose boyfriend is 60-year-old defends their 40-year age gap. Drunk jet-setting wife of a Dubai restaurant entrepreneur struck PC. Anjem Choudary was a beer drinking ladies man as a student. The most common breast imperfections and how to fix them. Simone Biles wins gold AGAIN with stunning floor routine at Rio 2016. Team GB sailor Giles Scott confirms gold in men's finn. Tom Hiddleston flies out of LA as rumours arise about romance with Taylor Swift. Team GB's youngest athlete Amy Tinkler wins bronze in gymnastics at Rio Olympics. Britney Spears set to perform at MTV VMA 2016 for the first time in 10 years. Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner jet ski off Croatia on Democratic Hollywood's boat. Kosovan Olympic cyclist is hit by a car in horror crash in Rio de Janeiro. Team GB's gold medal-winning cycling stars accused of cheating. Simone Biles stars on Sports Illustrated cover alongside Michael Phelps and Katie Ledecky. Laura Trott becomes Britain's greatest female Olympian with 4 gold medals in velodrome . Ellen DeGeneres accused of being a racist after posting Usain Bolt meme. Is zombie drug Flakka behind cannibal frat boy attack? Florida teen may have taken 'five dollar insanity' drug before 'stabbing to death random couple and feasting on dead man's FACE' . Ahmad Amsyar Azman and Ilya Zakharov belly flop at men's 3m springboard event in Rio. Sister of Milwaukee cop-shooting Sylville Smith tells rioters to 'burn down the suburbs'. Jason Kenny levels Sir Chris Hoy's six Olympic golds in keirin to be greatest British Olympian. Women's Health readers share their stories of why they've lost their sex drive. Simone Biles wins four Olympic gold medals and gets a kiss from Zac Efron. Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden share very awkward hug after Scranton rally. Extraordinary colorized photographs show US Marines battling in Japan during WWII. Hugh Jackman showcases his buff build as he goes shirtless for another dip at Bondi Beach. Cheeky baby from Queensland gives camera the finger in hilarious video. Kylie Jenner and Selena Gomez's style replicated by adorable five-year-old on Instagram. French pole vaulter compares himself to Jesse Owens after Rio crowd boo him. Autopsy shows North Carolina bride-to-be was strangled to death. Ousted Fox News boss Roger Ailes will prepare Donald Trump for presidential debates. New Mexico restaurant sells 'black olives matter' shirts following criticism over pun. Obese teacher wears a bikini for the first time after losing FIFTEEN STONE. Baby's parents make a DIY wheelchair after she is paralysed by a tumour on her spine. Rio's Olympic village McDonald's limits the amount of food athletes can order. Bella Hadid follows in older sister Gigi's footsteps as she poses nude for Vogue Paris. DC cop pins black teacher against his patrol car and calls her 'a prostitute'. Dick Van Dyke shows he still has it delighting diners at a Denny's in California. Justin Bieber 'ignoring Selena Gomez's calls' after their massive Instagram row . Kerri Walsh-Jennings speaks out after Olympic beach volleyball match loss against  Brazil. Guns in Rio, migrants in Greece and a litter-strewn ocean in the Maldives: Tourism posters are re-imagined to show the darker side of destinations. Vanessa Marcotte from NYC laid to rest in Massachusetts. Queensland University of Technology students build a Census website that WORKS. Giant panda cradles her cubs after giving birth to twins at Schonbrunn Zoo. Tom Bosworth proposes to his partner making it the FOURTH betrothal. Afghan asylum seeker 'rapes four-year-old boy in toilet at German migrant centre'. Michael Conlan launches scathing rant after defeat at Rio 2016 Olympic Games. Bag of chips left on car roof in Frome sends Twitter into frenzy. German twins Anna and Lisa Hahner who crossed Rio finish line together divide fans. World War Two squaddie's saucy love letters are found in a sideboard. Photographer Natalia Ivanova captures women from over 50 ethnic minorities. Incredible photos of everyday items sliced perfectly in half drive the web insane. Calvin Harris is named the world's top-earning DJ by Forbes with $63m in earnings. Mysterious Milwaukee 'man-like creature' is filmed roaming through Portuguese desert . Army veterans say a London memorial to Canadians is being 'desecrated'. Boleyn Girl author tells Hollywood not to mess with the history of her book. Photos show hundreds of abandoned villas in Chinese ghost city of Zhengzhou. BBC commentator Chris Boardman slammed for 'sexist remark' on Laura Trott and Jason Kenny. Laura Trott beat the odds to become Britain's greatest female Olympian. Delhi children die after throats slit by GLASS-coated kite wire. German government accuses Turkish government of supporting Syrian terrorist groups. Woman has baby girl at 30k ft on Cebu Pacific Air flight from Dubai to the Philippines. Michael Conlan's tirade after Vladimir Nikitin DEFEATS him in boxing quarter final . Olympic cyclists DON'T wax pubic hair as it protects against saddle soreness. Why DO needy men ALWAYS try to steal the limelight? . Video shows Argentina man running naked through streets after caught by lover's husband. Dutch gymnast Epke Zonderland falls flat on his face during final of bars in Rio. North Korean gymnast is the Games' saddest winner on the podium at Rio 2016. Kendall Jenner admits she works hard to stay in shape after noting in Vogue video. Drunken woman 'twice urinated on a Grays war memorial in broad daylight in Essex. Teenager who suffered burns is patched up using grafts from a deceased donor. Kim Kardashian channels Rapunzel as she shows off long wig for new photo shoot. Joseph Goebbels' assistant  reveals her life as the Nazi's secretary. Hilarious Out of Office replies to set when you take your summer holiday. Unmarked passenger jets that fly from Las Vegas to America's top secret Area 51 . Video of exorcism performed on woman who collapsed after 'evil spirit' entered her body. Russian 'Granny Ripper' crushed cut friend's head off and boiled it in saucepan. Chrissy Teigen shares Snapchat of stretchmarks 4 months after birth of daughter Luna. Olympic winner Laura Trott's sister gets called 'bitter' and 'jealous' after TV interview. Kendall Jenner flaunts her model figure in racy nude and black bikini in Turks and Caicos. Kevin Hart puffs on a cigar on romantic beach walk with Eniko Parrish. Spot the third cheetah in this optical illusion picture in Kenya. Mom famous for smacking her rioting son is now homeless after he accidentally sets home on fire. Boyfriend sends a list of rules to his girlfriend before she leaves for college. Justin Bieber and girlfriend Sofia Richie 'on a love-fest but he isn't ready to settle down' . More than 500 passengers and crew rescued after fire breaks out in engine room of ferry near Puerto Rico. Jesinta Campbell leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a completely see-through knit blouse. Washington baby girl suffers horrific skin condition which causes skin to shed every 4 HOURS. Sadie Hartley's partner was still texting killer 10 DAYS before murder. Hot Springs girl tied to a bed and beaten as mother and boyfriend are arrested. Lancashire woman Sarah Williams guilty of murdering love rival Sadie Hartley. Over 60 people are injured after train crashes into fallen tree in France. Video of Kazakhstani lovers caught having sex on the roof of a block of flats. London police search for brave Tube passenger who risked life to save another. It's Quasimodog! Hunchbacked pitbull is saved by compassionate animal control worker who couldn't bear to hand her in to a shelter . Hilarious messages sent by grandparents who have finally mastered how to text. Team GB's Rio secrets on success and why rivals have been left 'scratching their heads'. Rio police find scant evidence in Lochte robbery probe. Caster Semenya makes it look easy as she wins heat and goes for Olympic glory. China laments gold drought in Rio 'flop' and takes jab at Team GB. University of Georgia alumni have won nearly as many medals as Brazil. Rio 2016 Team GB swimmer Jack Burnell's furious rant in open water race. Ryan Lochte leaves Rio as police announce he's under investigation over gunpoint robbery claims. Teenage Egyptian runner COLLAPSES in sweltering 32C stadium during women's 800m heat. American runner who fell and was helped to finish line by New Zealand athlete won't race final. KATIE HOPKINS: What I said when the BBC asked me what makes us human. Murdered Queens jogger's father desperately offers killer the reward money. Chinese woman causes outrage after taking her NAKED daughter shopping. Ugandan runner Jacob Araptany drops out of 3000-meter Steeplechase after hitting hurdle. Milwaukee police officer who killed armed man knew him from their high school days. Kylie Jenner and Selena Gomez's style replicated by adorable five-year-old on Instagram. Sam Delmege on her bid to conceive a baby with husband and former Manly Sea Eagles owner Max Delmege. Brady Bunch's Eve Plumb sells the Malibu home she bought for $55k for $3.9m. What do Olympians actually eat?. Michael Phelps pays tribute to swimming legend Mark Spitz. Justin Bieber sweetly kisses teen girlfriend Sofia Richie in park. Florida mum launches into racist tirade in the street in front of her stunned daughter. Adele shows off her natural beauty in stunning make-up free selfies . Charlie Webster is fighting for her life in a Rio after being struck down with malaria . The bizarre bodybuilding YouTube videos of 'Cannibal' frat boy Austin Harrouff. NBA superstars click into gear as they thrash Argentina 105-78 points in the Rio Olympics. North Carolina teachers told they can't call students 'boys and girls'. Wikileakes-linked Seth Rich refused a ride home and staggered to his shocking death. Video shows New York subway masturbator scared off train. The most popular engagement ring on Pinterest has been revealed. Usain Bolt laughs with Canada's Andre De Grasse during the 200m semifinal. Gold medal-winning gymnasts Aly Raisman and Simone Biles treat themselves to  MCDONALD'S. Three US swimmers held by police at Rio airport over Ryan Lochte 'robbery'. Target Map releases map of average breast sizes around the world. Kerry Walsh-Jennings and April Ross beat top-seeded Brazilian duo to win bronze medal. Southern California orders 82k people to evacuate over wildfire. Original investigators team up with new experts to re-examine JonBenet Ramsay murder. ISIS terror plot to bomb German festival is foiled after police seize explosives. Kansas City decapitated boy's father says he is looking for answers from waterpark. Hasidic Jews who beat gay black man given 150 hours of community service. Simone Biles' 'boyfriend' Arthur Mariano addresses Zac Efron directly after that kiss. First US Muslim Olympian to medal while wearing a hijab defines what it means to be American. Syrian boy sits wounded in ambulance after a deadly airstrike in Aleppo. Michael Phelps spends his first day of retirement in the pool!. Kristen Stewart opens up about split with Twilight co-star Robert Pattinson. From dodgy stitching to cheap fabrics, today's fashions are designed not to last. 147 kilo bride halved her size by eating from SIDE PLATES. Sir Chris Hoy, Jason Kenny, Sir Steve Redgrave and Mo Farah all born on March 23. Khloe Kardashian reveals sisters' diets are 'cray'. 10 women become first forced off Cannes beach for wearing burkinis. Team GB athlete ROBBED at gunpoint in Rio as warning's issued not to leave Olympic village. Olympic gymnast's head DOESN'T MOVE as she performs an incredible back flip at Rio. Brooklyn Beckham reveals two brooding new cover shots for Dazed Korea on Instagram. Dog with a GoPro strapped to its back stumbled upon bizarre creature in Oregon forest. Former Bond girl crams an incredible 130 items into a small hand luggage bag. Christie Brinkley and daughter Sailor move college freshman into New York City apartment. Japanese pole vaulter who knocked the bar off with his PENIS sees the funny side . Former prisoners in Assad's Syrian jails reveal guards made men rape one another. GB hockey star Crista Cullen is pulled off with a bleeding skull before making epic return. Irish father shot dead in front of wife and children in Majorca over 'mistaken identity'. Renee Zellweger's pain at losing Sims Ellison to suicide as told by his mother. Dinamo Bucharest fans unveil mosaic at rivals Steaua's ground. Convicted British hate preacher Anjem Choudary meets ISIS's top executioner. Hilarious video shows hundreds of holidaymakers SPRINTING to grab sunloungers in Benidorm. Swiss Olympic gymnast from 20 years ago dresses up as old man in Rio's Gymnastics Gala . Girl outraged as UCAS tells her boyfriend to start university as a 'free agent'. Woman asks Reddit whether her floral dress is too white to wear to a wedding. Leeds stargazer finds a glowing METEORITE that landed in his garden. Team USA's Michael Phelps shuts down reporter at Phoenix airport after Rio Olympics 2016. Report claims Tom Cruise 'hasn't seen or even called' his daughter Suri in years. Female British climber killed on Cursed Mountain after avalanche in French Alps . Orlando Bloom 'wants to marry Katy Perry and have more kids with her'. Team USA's Kristi Castlin who shared podium with Nia Ali at Rio 2016 speaks about gun crime. Kim Kardashian and Kanye West 'trying to score free $30m New York apartment'. Olympic executive was arrested naked in son's Rio hotel room and charged with ticket touting. Kendall Jenner takes boyfriend A$AP Rocky for a spin around Hollywood in a white Ferrari. Qatar Airways aircraft forced to make emergency landing after engine catches fire. Beyonce flaunts her curves in sexy low-cut yellow swimsuit in Sardinia. Aryanna Gourdin who sparked outrage by posing animals she killed defends hunting. Illinois mom pens letter to her husband as she leaves him with the kids for weekend. Jimmy Feigen STILL insists he, Ryan Lochte and other U.S. swimmers were robbed at gunpoint. Suri walks pet dog Honey as she picks up donuts with Katie Holmes... amid claims Tom Cruise hasn't seen or spoken to his daughter in three years. Woman who lived like Kylie Jenner for a week reveals what the lifestyle is REALLY like. 'The saddest eyes I ever seen': The trapped dog rescued from devastating Louisiana flood moments before he would have drowned. Ryan Lochte poses with fan back in US while teammates are quizzed in Brazil over robbery. Team U.S. women's 4x100 relay disqualified after Allyson Felix is ELBOWED by Brazilian. Dozens walk past Bedford grandmother after breaking nose in agonising fall. Geneva's CERN's ' human sacrifice' ceremony saw cloaked men 'stabbing woman' at night. Dayton man Michael William Henson caught trying to have sex with a VAN in Ohio. Brain-teasing puzzles that will drive you to distraction. Team USA's Jeff Henderson brings gold medal home to mom who has Alzheimer's. Video shows Ryan Lochte and swimmers after destroying gas station bathroom. Cristiano Ronaldo shows off Bugatti Veyron as Real Madrid star feels need for speed. Brazil's synchronised swimming twins are so close they even got matching BOOB job. Team GB's Laura Trott's 'bitter' sister stands by her comments. Boxing coach 'dumbfounded' by Savannah Marshall result as controversy continues. Egyptian state TV suspends eight 'overweight' female presenters telling them to slim down. Sir Philip Green clashes with a reporter as he's questioned over the BHS collapse. Gawker to shut down next week. Staten Island boy hanged himself in the attic when his school grades dropped. Charlie Webster is fighting for her life in a Rio after being struck down with malaria . Manchester airport is evacuated amid reports of a suspicious package discovered. Rihanna swigs a glass of rose in a yellow swimsuit while poolside in Switzerland . Team USA's hurdler Nia Ali's son steals the show in Rio after Brianna Rollins gets gold. Footage shows last moments of Vachel Howard who died in police custody in LA. Alistair Brownlee wins Team GB's 20th gold medial at Rio 2016. Video shows Ryan Lochte and swimmers after destroying gas station bathroom. Neighbourhood where injured Syrian boy lived is pictured reduced entirely to rubble. Market Drayton woman cut heads off pet snakes before swallowing them. Kim Kardashian showcases her body as she plays on the sand with son Saint and North . Long Island son charged with murder after mother drowns in backyard pool. US says $400M to Iran was contingent on release of prisoners. Nicole Scherzinger showers in animal print bikini on yacht in Croatia on Instagram. Video shows Tulsa's Bert Franklin grabs himself pizza after slamming baby to death. Melbourne couple fell madly in love inside a Nazi slave-labour camp. Amber Heard donates her divorce settlement from Johnny Depp to help battered women. Team U.S. women's 4x100 relay disqualified after Allyson Felix is ELBOWED by Brazilian. Hilarious photos of situations so contrary you won't believe they actually happened. Girl found dead behind Atlanta store was nude and posed in sexually explicit position. The moment Lochte's sidekicks Bentz and Conger are removed from plane in Rio. Lil Poopy the 13-year-old rapper lands a four-year Sony-Epic record deal. William Mendoza allegedly beat Barrett Dahl after Dahl wore a Redskins sweater. Ashton Eaton becomes first man to win consecutive decathlon gold medals since 1984. Jade Jones wins consecutive golds at Rio Olympics with 16-7 victory in taekwondo final. Usain Bolt wins the 200m final and scores his eighth Olympic gold medal. Omran Daqneesh's image shocked the world breaks down as he is reunited with his parents. Slice of Life's Pam De Almeida shares the secrets of a special needs mum. Ryan Lochte's night of debauchery and sadly the most memorable of the Olympic Games. Nebraska father unknowingly eats four pot-laced brownies and calls family cat a b****. Minneapolis father 'kills baby daughter after punching her face and chest 22 TIMES'. Renee Zellweger's pain at losing Sims Ellison to suicide as told by his mother. Hillary Clinton meets with Paul McCartney behind closed doors. Monalisa Johnson goes to prison so she can understand daughter Sierra Johnson. Kim Kardashian flaunts her booty in clingy dress as she has some girl time at the beach in Mexico. Ryan Lochte's sidekicks Jack Conger and Gunnar Bentz jet out of Rio. Military aircraft crash reported in desert outside Las Vegas. Kyle Duane Duty who vowed to 'break' young girls is arrested 'trying to meet 14-year-old'. Did Apple steal the idea for iTunes?. Florida man pulls deputy over for allegedly speeding on highway. UK weather forecasters issue severe weather warning as Atlantic storm approaches. British motorist attacked in Calais by a gang of chainsaw-wielding migrants. Asylum seeker and convicted sex offender tried to kidnap a girl from a Bristol Tesco. Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber shows off her model genes in first solo cover shoot. Erect penis sizes compared across the world. Lady Grey Jewelry designers branded 'trashy' after publishing note sent to Ivanka Trump. How to get a flat stomach for the beach in just 15 minutes. Synchronised swimming leaves viewers confused and amazed. Usain Bolt wins 200m gold medal as Jamaican edges closer to the unprecedented 'triple triple' at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games. Kayley Chabot star blames the modelling industry for eating disorder. The world's best cruise ships revealed with Norwegian Spirit and Oceania Riviera. First words of Charlie Webster as she WAKES from coma in Rio hospital. Kim Jong-un lookalike waves North Korean flag at 2016 Olympics in Rio. BBC Rio Olympics coverage interrupted by couple having sex on beach behind Dan Walker. The 16 food hacks that will change your life forever and save you time and money. Students share photos of the witty and inventive teachers you'll wish you'd had at school. Ryan Lochte being 'robbed at gunpoint' in Rio have been revealed to be untrue. Blue Ivy steals the show from Beyonce in new family snaps shared by the superstar. Sadiq Khan is greeted by mowhawked TFL worker as London Underground launches night tube. Haunted stare of the bloodied Syrian boy in Aleppo who shames the world. Kylie Jenner flashes THAT ring again as she and Tyga enjoy night out amid his recent legal woes . William Franklyn-Miller dubbed world's most handsome boy. Brazilians blast Ryan Lochte and his Team USA swimming sidekicks over faked robbery. Police hunt woman who entered store with a gun prompting Indiana University campus lock-down. Jewish rabbi is stabbed in Strasbourg by 'Muslim attacker'. Usain Bolt's girlfriend Kasi Bennett cheers him on to eighth gold medal. Jimmy Feigen to pay $10K so prosecutors let him leave Brazil after Ryan Lochte robbery lie. Chinese widower spent PS1,800 on a SEX DOLL after his wife died from cancer. Usain Bolt's mother looks 'unimpressed' after he wins his EIGHTH Olympic gold medal. ISIS claims first terror attack in Russia after two jihadis injure traffic cops outside Moscow . Donald Trump apologizes for causing 'personal pain' with his inflammatory comments. ISIS terrorists flee Syrian stronghold using civilians as HUMAN SHIELDS to avoid airstrikes. Images show US Navy recruits being PEPPER SPRAYED as part of their brutal training . Dog saves life of little girl caught in fire by lying on top of her body. Nottingham father reveals how he lost 3stn and got the body of his dreams. Travellers swamp Durdham Downs to say farewell to 'Gypsy Queen' Violet Crumlish. Mother who drop-kicked birthday cake is also arrested for punching a woman over ice cream. Donald Trump's campaign aide Paul Manafort QUITS over allegations about cash payments. Ryan Lochte FINALLY apologizes for lying about robbery in Brazil. Ole Miss freshmen turn their dreary dorm into a palace with some VERY lavish decor. Malia Obama was reportedly a guest at a wild party on Martha's Vineyard. French athlete Yohann Diniz can't wait for the toilet halfway through the 50km walk race. Birmingham city centre photos show A level celebrations of drunkenness and violence. Denis Cullen Jr has been charged with murdering his own mother. A century old and 'still crushing beer pong'! Gleeful grandma celebrates her 100th birthday by beating her grandchildren in a drinking game. Twitter rips apart Texas Alpha Delta Pi sorority's 'terrifying' recruitment video t. Paedophile caught by the vigilantes after trying to organise sex with 13-year-old. Ryan Lochte pictured with the girls he partied with during Rio night out. 'Almost killed him, how embarrassing' Australian decathlete's crooked javelin throw nearly hits cameraman. These 10 dramatic animal rescues will melt your heart. Father of murdered Queens jogger Karina Vetrano says detectives are closing in on killer and hints that he knows who it is. Brazilian canoeist leaps out of his boat and celebrates bronze as if he'd won gold . Sudanese cartoonist draws powerful image for children in Syria. Britain's Nick Skelton wins gold at his seventh Games in the individual showjumping. Sir Matthew Pinsent claims there's no official victory parade despite Team GB's success. Definitely not YUUGE: Disturbing and VERY unflattering naked statues of Donald Trump are erected across the US. Olympia Valance flashes her breasts as she goes TOPLESS during a photo shoot. Shamed Baby P boss Sharon Shoesmith's ex is caught with a haul of child porn. Oregon high school coaches killed in shooting, teen also dead. Gigi Hadid and beau Zayn Malik take a kayak ride for 2 in Tahiti. Hours after image of bloodied Syrian boy shocked another tiny victim is carried to safety. Woman to be buried in dress she planned to get married in. Street brawl erupts in a Bangladesh cafe over TV SOAP OPERA disagreement. Ryan Lochte's teammates Bentz and Conger reveal their shame in sworn statements. Oddest Olympic moments in history even put Rio's green swimming pool in the shade. California girls successfully smuggle food into movie theater by hiding fruits under their clothes. Husbands share their searingly honest experiences of marriage. Donald Trump travels to Louisiana to survey flood damage. The world's most expensive villa once owned by King Leopold II goes on sale. Great Britain's women's hockey win gold after penalty shoot out with Netherlands. Kim Kardashian has some pooltime fun with North and Saint. Loretta Jones murder case reopened and Thomas Egley arrested. Little Rock Catholic High School for Boys BANS parents from delivering lunches. Killer Austin Harrouff was wearing a Donald Trump hat when he  'murdered couple'. Rio plays host to the naked Olympics in honour of Ancient Greece. Snapchat is becoming a platform to sell explicit photos and videos says Jesse Willessee. Suri beams happily in a red printed dress while shopping with Katie Holmes in NYC . Calculator creates a sleeping schedule to get kids ready to wake up early. UN chief enlists Hollywood star power to end poverty and announces new mini-series In Harms Way. Team USA clinch gold ahead of Jamaica and Britain in 4x100m relay. Usain Bolt cements his legacy as the greatest sprinter with 4x100m relay victory. Kim Kardashian oils up for Snapchat videos starring her twerking butt and cleavage. Photographer Lisa Kristine captures indigenous cultures around the world. Dashcam captures the moment a FedEx driver 'narrowly avoids ploughing into another. The macaroni cheese recipe that's driving the web wild (and with only six ingredients). U.S. swimmer Gunnar Bentz turns on Ryan Lochte with his side of the story. Mother-to-be shares workout videos of her doing weights and planking at 38 WEEKS pregnant. Team USA are disqualified from the Men's 4x100m relay. Video of Charlie the chicken scuttling around an Arizona farmyard in bright blue shorts. Photographer Tapan Sheth captures stomach-churning moment a snake eats a frog whole . 5,300-year-old 'Iceman' wore a bear-hat and goat-leather coat when he died. Essex dad crafts toast sculptures for his daughter with food allergies on instagram. Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge is crowned the summer's most stylish woman. Kathleen Danby continues to defy secret courts who tried to stop her from seeing her family. Racegoers battle it out to be best dressed at York Ladies Day. CBB fans tweet support for Lillie Lexie Gregg after her meeting with ex Stephen Bear. Scientists discuss the chilling ways we might stop the spread of a zombie-like state. Victoria Beckham goes for dinner with David and son Brooklyn in Santa Monica. Seattle classes about 'white fragility' have sold out. Digit the gorilla has lived with a French couple for 18 years. Billionaire Scientologists buys $6m, 142-acre California ghost town that was founded by Nazi sympathizer who wanted to create a 'headquarters for the world's most perfect government'. Eugenie's moving in to Kensington Palace with William, Harry and Kate. Amazon reveals the toys YOUR child will want this Christmas and the Furby is back. Mothers with VERY picky children share photos of nightmare dinner times. The secret to UNSHRINKING clothes after a laundry mishap revealed. Kate Upton's training programme has transformed one woman's life. Team GB relay team's fury after they are DISQUALIFIED from the Olympics without reason. Usain Bolt's girlfriend is a Jamaican fashionista with a body to make Kim Kardashian jealous. Theresa May orders a victory celebration for Britain's Olympic heroes. My Best Gift website offers experiences for children. Australian athletes arrested at Rio Olympics for 'tampering with their accreditation'. Judge orders Hillary Clinton to answer questions on email use. Muslim train driver who went through two red lights to crash was fasting for Ramadan . Bihar man who left his wife to marry his own MOTHER-IN-LAW now says made a mistake. Teen creates gruesome make-up looks using everything from fake blood to Vaseline. Emma Raymond was dragged out of class and accused of being the 'ringleader of a hate campaign'. Penn State student sues housemate in federal court over thrown pasta and male guests. Colonel Sanders' top secret original KFC recipe 'found in a scrapbook belonging to his nephew'. Liam Heath wins Team GB's 25th GOLD at the Olympics with kayaking victory . Team GB's taekwondo silver medallist breaks down in floods of tears after defeat. DJ says Ryan Lochte and teammates didn't have gun aimed at them. Is the 'triple triple' under threat? Usain Bolt could have Beijing relay gold medal stripped after claims team-mate failed doping test. Usain Bolt stops for selfie after relay win with fans but one woman doesn't look happy. Anjem Choudary's hate videos are still on Youtube despite his conviction. Banned drugs used by athletes for sale TWO MILES from Olympic stadium in Rio. British builder fighting ISIS says untrained western volunteers are WINNING. Lord Rix dies aged 92 weeks after calling for assisted suicide to be made legal. Student 'is raped in Tunbridge Wells nightclub toilets' at a Pokemon party. Massachusetts drug dealer disguises himself as elderly man to evade arrest. Rabbitland Rabbit cafe opens its doors in Hong Kong to animal lovers. Obama FINALLY promises to go to devastated Louisiana floodzone. Kim Kardashian shows off her impressive assets in wet shirt as she frolics on beach in Mexico. Tom Daley shockingly comes last in 10 metre diving semi-final. Trump says he'll get 95% of the black vote in 2020. Dennis Rader 'had picked out his 11th victim who he planned to hang upside down'. Team USA's Gwen Jorgensen wins the Olympic women's triathlon gold at Rio 2016. Turkey warns travelers about high rape rates in Sweden. How the gold medalists of Rio 2016 stack up against Olympic legends of yesteryear. Nicola Adams wins Britain's 26th gold medal as she defends her Olympic boxing title. Simone Biles is chosen to carry the American flag at closing ceremony in Rio. Courteney Cox eats rotting sheep carcass on Running Wild With Bear Grylls. Tom Cruise's M:I-6 production 'halted over star's pay demands'. Outrage at North Carolina college 'check your privilege' poster campaign. British farmer blasted for pictures of wildlife she killed in South Africa . Kim Kardashian flashes underboob in a racy white swimsuit in Mexico. RAF officer Helen King sends topless pic to boyfriend accidentally sharing it with soldiers. Boston man charged with kidnapping after being filmed taking 1-year-old out of store. Siblings abandoned as newborns by same mother in same town are reunited 37 years later. Indian man's life is saved by surgeons after he swallows 40 KNIVES. Kate Middleton's 'sextrepreneur' friend launches Killing Kittens sex pad in Manchester . US women's basketball wins 6th consecutive Olympic gold medal after beating Spain. Loretta Jones' daughter says Tom Egley went on a date with her mother. Prince Harry has been playing a key role in relocating the endangered elephants to a wildlife sanctuary in northern Malawi. Son who 'drowned his mother in their swimming pool' says he can't cope with life in prison. Ethiopian swimmer nicknamed Robel the Whale vows to compete at Tokyo Olympics. Matt Roberts dead aged 38. ISIS bomber who killed 51 at Turkey wedding 'was blown up by REMOTE CONTROL'. Family's cat runs out of the room in terror when Donald Trump appears on TV. North Carolina couple's wedding after-party crashes llama convention. Elizabeth Smart relives horrific ordeal and blames captor's craven addiction to pornography. Ryan Lochte sits down with Matt Lauer to admit fabricating Rio Olympics robbery. 'Peaceful' protester knocks a man out for 'playing music' during a prayer session. Team GB heaps praise on our 'magnificent' athletes after Rio Olympics. Louisiana homes pictured after being devastated by flooding. Artist reveals the story behind unflattering naked statues of Donald Trump. Mo Farah wins 5km gold medal at Rio Olympics. Iran hails first woman Olympic medallist. Peru 2 drug mules ran a beauty business in notorious prison and partied with pals . Sadie Hartley's arrest footage released by police after her jail sentence. World's longest and highest glass bridge opens in China's 'Avatar' mountain. New Jersey family lives in a farmhouse inside aircraft hangar. Caster Semenya wins 800 Olympic title at Rio Olympics. Oklahoma Prisoner caught on video jumping to the rescue of detention officer. Meet supersize triplets Jack, Stella and Luke Tipton. Hawaiian cat sanctuary lets visitors cuddle its 500 felines all day. Team USA wins 6th straight Olympic gold in women's 4x400m relay. Workout onesies are the new must-have activewear garment. The macaroni cheese recipe that's driving the web wild (and with only six ingredients). Mom uses toothpaste to teach daughter simple but powerful lesson about bullying. Facebook interns earn $7,500 a month double the average American salary. Team GB's women's hockey same-sex couple Kate and Helen Richardson-Walsh shown in pictures. Chontel Duncan opens up about trolling on Instagram. Olympics Games 2016's worst injuries. Pregnant Irish woman live-tweets her journey to have an abortion in Britain . Academics claim strict parents 'turn children into liars'. Mercedes reveal latest Maybach which is 6m in length and electric. Pixie Lott looks chic in leopard print jacket and funky black shades in London. UK falling short of pledge to take in 20k Syrian refugees by 2020. Fearne Cotton puts on a chic display as she leaves the BBC Radio studios. The best meals according to an in-flight food addict. Fergie shares sexy Instagram photo in tight denim shorts. Team USA fan starts fundraiser to give gymnast Aly Raisman's parents a 'deserved spa day'. Alabama pregnant woman and 4 others 'brutally murdered with multiple instruments'. Leonardo DiCaprio and his girlfriend Nina Agdal in Hamptons car crash. London's revellers welcomed the first ever Night Tube. 'Cannibal' Frat Boy told police he wasn't on drugs when he 'attacked couple'. How the Ice Queen Anna Wintour helped James Corden conquer America. Socialite dubbed 'London's most dangerous woman' is jailed for online stalking campaign. Pictures show prisoners of tough Colombian jail get married in mass wedding. Irish Redhead Convention sees thousands of gingers descend on Cork for celebration. Justin Bieber's new pal Bronte Blampied in pictures. Justin Bieber bashed by fans for bad lip syncing at V Festival. Amber Heard gets over Johnny Depp divorce with Margot Robbie and Cara Delevingne in London. Conor McGregor leaves Nate Diaz pouring with blood after brutal decision victory at UFC 202. Syrian boy's brother dies from his horrific injuries . Usain Bolt is set to marry his secret Jamaican girlfriend according to his sister. Bronzed women with bulging biceps gather for the Arnold Classic bodybuilding competition in Hong Kong . Mother Julie Walker, and son, Lucas, drowned off the coast of Aberdeen. Rolling Stones' gig at Altamont has darker past in revealing new details. Amy Pejkovic reveals moment brain tumour diagnosis destroyed her Olympic dream. Jennifer Aniston 'refuses to take her late mother's ashes' as their feud hasn't ended. Anjem Choudary's wife is clearly identified for the first time. Donald Trump's companies have at least $650m in debt. Murder investigation launched after a man is shot dead in north London  . Simone Biles and the Team USA gymnasts let their hair down on the beach in Rio. Disgraced creator of 'NSync and Backstreet Boys Lou Pearlman dies in prison age 62. Princess Eugenie's boyfriend's parents found out about wedding on the news. David Beckham's bodyguard is now living in Heathrow Airport. NHS blunder resulted in Ipswich toddler losing his legs. PETER HITCHENS: Gold for synchronised sunburn and self-delusion goes to... . Price hike on Army food as soldiers boycott 'maggot infested meals'. Miley Cyrus looks every inch in love as fiance Liam Hemsworth puts his arm in Malibu. Usain Bolt tries his hand at javelin in 2016 Olympic Stadium in Rio. 16-year-old 'protective' cat named Baby mauls pitbulls and hospitalizes a dog walker. Team GB's RICHEST Olympians are revealed as stars cash in on sporting successes. Team USA's Paul Chelimo is told on air he's been disqualified from the race. David Beckham carries beloved daughter Harper out of Malibu restaurant. Chinese badminton gold medalist gives the most over the top celebration EVER. Huge fire and explosions rip through Sussex academy building. Napster founder Sean Parker offered Sir Ian Mckellen PS1m to dress as Gandalf for his wedding. Ryan Lochte's 'robbery scandal' causes argument between Al Roker and Billy Bush. Shoreham victims' son born EXACTLY 9 months to the day after his father was killed. Deranged texts sent by teen killer about murdering ex in days before her death. Team GB guaranteed second to beat China at Rio Olympic Games. Hillary Clinton's aide Huma Abedin worked as assistant editor for radial Muslim journal. Darlington boy airlifted to hospital after a wall collapsed on him in a department store. Anthony Martial's jilted wife lashes out at his new girlfriend. Sofia Richie looks somber as Justin Bieber parties with blonde Bronte Blampied. Lindsay Lohan 'sends list of demands for Russian TV appearance. Team USA men's basketball team win Olympic gold after beating Serbia 96-66. Nevada woman plunges 100 foot to her death from cliff after she tripped over her flip flops trying to take a picture of the Pacific Ocean. Rudy Giuliani renews attack on Hillary Clinton's health on Fox News. Mother's horror as GREEN SLIME leaks from her baby's nappy on 'horrendous' holiday. Matt Lauer causes controversy by keeping it casual for Ryan Lochte interview. L.A. photographer Andrew George's exhibition features portraits of dying people. Olympics-Wrestling-Mongolians strip off in protest after their man loses. Dozens of protesters yell, push and SPIT on Donald Trump donors. ISIS child suicide bomber is stripped of his explosives belt in Iraq by security forces. Rio 2016 Olympics closing ceremony is hit by a torrential rainstorm. Thirteen people shot and wounded at Connecticut house party after at least two shooters open fire from a hedge. Olympic judge tries to quadruple fine for shamed US swimmer Jimmy Feigen. Philippines' Rodrigo Duterte threatens to leave UN after drugs war censure. Dark Justice paedophile target given suspended sentence in Newcastle. Donald Trump's campaign manager wavers on whether a 'deportation force' is supported. Crime Harm Index used by police says burglary is twice as bad as child abduction . Khloe Kardashian uses 11 ingredients to make her healthy smoothie. Siberian tiger cubs square up for boxing match in Germany. Gorilla radio! Koko the 'talking' gorilla plays the guitar with Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist. Washington man with 'white power' tattoo stabs interracial couple kissing outside a bar. President Obama finishes last Martha's Vineyard vacation before Louisiana flood visit. Usain Bolt pictured with Rio student in intimate photos after his 30th birthday bash. President Obama gives Malia the paternal cold shoulder as the first family arrive home. Rio Olympics closing ceremony ends with Tokyo prime minister dressed as Super Mario. Broadway dancer admits killing his boyfriend in a disturbing Facebook post. Kim Kardashian treats herself to an In-N-Out after shedding almost 70lbs. Rio 2016 Ethiopian marathon runner's hand signal could see him killed by own government. Baby elephant splashes in a paddling pool to beat the summer heat in Germany. Stacey Solomon adjusts her cleavage on holiday in Ibiza. Penn State student drops lawsuit against her sorority sister. Virginia woman crashes brand new Mercedes within seconds of a test drive. Virginia waitress refused tip by diners who only 'tipped citizens'. BA and easyJet passengers will be charged PS25 if their case is 'unsuccessful'. Cats Protection re-homed missing cat and refuse to tell owners where he is. This is what 71 looks like: Fashion model reveals what makes her look fantastic for her age. Washington DC's most famous monuments being slowly covered in black slime. Legendary pilot Chuck Yeager tells all. He's whale-y close! Incredible moment an enormous humpback leaps out of the water right next to a stunned group of kayakers. Grandmother is told to demolish the pillars she added without planning permission . David Haye splits from wife of eight years following affair rumours. Gunbalanya mother Donna Drexler snaps photo of crocodile gulping down wallaby. Alastair Campbell's pain as his schizophrenic older brother dies. Colin Powell says Hillary Clinton lied about him telling her to use her personal email. Banksy work in Cheltenham removed from a building's wall 'by a man with a power drill'. Ashalim solar power station projects sunlight onto world's highest solar tower. Pixie Lott struts her stuff as she leaves the theatre after Breakfast at Tiffany's show. Queen Victoria was once a party-loving 18 year old according to Charles Greville. Austria to force migrants to earn their keep as left wingers call it 'slavery'. SAS hero who was jailed for keeping his Falklands gun as a souvenir walks free from prison after being released early from his 15-month sentence. Eddie Murphy reveals John Belushi and Robin Williams offered him cocaine. Dad ashamed of copying Tupac's 'Thug life' and 'F*** the world' tattoos. ex-Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning pleads guilty to 21 historic child sex offences. Prince Harry's cheeky Twitter challenge to Usain Bolt. The Queen will honour Team GB's Olympic heroes. Video of thug dragging shrieking woman across busy road by her HAIR. Manchester United's Denis Law is rushed to hospital after collapsing at airport. Ivanka Trump shares her pre-weekend workout. Hebridean island's seven pupils require teacher with patience, enthusiasm and waterproofs . Family who on bargain Florida holiday devastated after travel firm cancels trip. Bearwood primary school teacher filmed in boozy swearing rant in Birmingham. Ryan Lochte apologizes to Braziliansand takes full responsibility Rio incident. Michael Phelps splashes out $2.5million on sprawling Arizona mansion. Brazilian girl who spent night with Usain Bolt is widow of drug lord. Hilarious video of drugged man twerking down dentist's hallway. Teenage girl is arrested as she 'tried to travel to Syria to join ISIS'. Europeans meet on tiny Ventotene island to plot to save the EU after Brexit. Pattaya hotel guests spend the night with a transgender corpse under the mattress. Team GB light up the Olympics closing ceremony. Manchester United keeper David de Gea will not be tried in court over sex abuse claims. Russia warned that US will fight back after attack near American forces in Syria. Izabel Goulart reveals stunning figure for Olympics Closing Ceremony in Rio. Ryan Lochte loses all his sponsorships after Rio fiasco. Three injured in Brussels as machete-wielding woman goes on the rampage on a bus. ISIS fanatics accused of slaughtering Iraqi army recruits are hanged. EU mocked for claiming it beat the US and China in Rio Olympics. Rudy Giuliani renews attack on Hillary Clinton's health on Fox News. Usain Bolt kisses ANOTHER mystery brunette in Rio nightclub. Leonardo DiCaprio comforts his model girlfriend Nina Agdal following car accident. Kim Jong-un launches North Korean Netflix-style service called 'Manbang'. Donald Trump opens up new front in war against 'Morning Joe'. Nevada toddler found strapped to wire fence with BUNGEE CORD. Watch as a young Chinese pupil shows off incredible gymnastic skills on subway. Malaysian rapper arrested for 'insulting Islam' in music video that features call to prayer. Muslim convert Michael Coe 'knocked out a schoolboy for hugging his girlfriend'. Rio Olympics 2016 in 50 pictures - Mo Farah, Usain Bolt and Michael Phelps feature. Ryan Lochte to rehab? Swimmer says he may get help for drinking after Rio scandal. 22 children under 14 were among the dead after ISIS terror attack in Turkey. Mother is eaten alive by a group of 100 vicious stray dogs in India. North Carolina state trooper shoots dead deaf man. ISIS fanatics are booby trapping copies of the Koran on the streets of liberated cities. Toronto teen calls 911 to complain her parents 'forced her' to go on vacation. Kim Kardashian 'fakes out the paparazzi with a lookalike' during Mexican vacation. Penn State professor 'pushed off cliff by friends who thought they were in will'. Holy cow! Dynamo Dresden fans see red as they throw severed bull's head during RB Leipzig clash. Chilling video shows what it is like driving through Detroit at night. Hank Schardt's album of mugshots and signatures of Adolf Hitler's henchman. Simone Biles becomes centre of Rio Olympics closing ceremony photos. ISIS assassins murder a 'military chief' in Yemen in a gangland-style drive-by shooting. New pictures reveal the sickening cruelty suffered by brown bears in Albania . 12-year-old Weston Imer 'runs' Donald Trump's campaign office in swing state Colorado . Baby elephant attempts to hug dying mother with trunk in Nairobi National Park. Two women faint on a Chinese street after arguing non-stop for EIGHT HOURS . Connecticut house party shooting leaves 13 people injured. Six scientists living in an isolated Mars simulation in Hawaii. World's largest truffle weighing 1.5kg is discovered near Melbourne. Syrian girl sings happily for the camera before a BOMB explodes outside her home. Kim Kardashian puts her legs on display as she leaves fundraiser. Video of super-fit athlete performing exercise routine dangling off Caracas bridge. Expert reveals what could be causing millions of us to sweat. Cara Delevingne and Amber Heard were turned away from SophistiCats after demanding free entry. Massachusetts lesbian couple 'rob NUN at knifepoint and steal her rosary beads'. Couples risk their lives to be vacuum-packed in plastic bags for bizarre photos. It was Mick Jagger's GREED that was to blame for Rock's darkest day. Sam Kendricks halts run-up to stand to attention for national anthem. Sunshine Coast overrun by snakes as Richie Gilbert warns about breeding season. Mariah Carey 'threw a laptop out the window' after James Packer played Beyonce song. Young boy pens angry note telling his mother 'I will tuck my own self in!'. Video of South Korean woman using cosmetics to transform half her face goes viral. Former California high school student, now 21, who fathered a baby with his teacher at age 16 is awarded a $6 million payout. Manila residents photograph morgue van as 'war on drugs' death toll becomes reality show. Southampton mother constantly told by doctors to lose weight has lipoedema. Would you leave a child as young as 12 home alone for the day?. Grimsby widower had no idea his wife was about to die as NHS staff sent her home. Greg Rutherford,Tameka Empson and Lesley Joseph confirmed for Strictly Come Dancing. North Carolina state trooper shoots dead deaf man. Victoria Beckham shows off husband David's new horse tattoo in Instagram snap. Paedophile teacher Jeremy Forrest has a new girlfriend after 'reinventing himself'. Kim Kardashian 'fakes out the paparazzi with a lookalike' during Mexican vacation. Middlesbrough murder hunt is launched after mother of three is found dead at home. Team GB are heading home from Rio after the country's greatest ever overseas Olympic Games. The double-take photos that are definitely NOT what they seem at first glance . Usain Bolt celebrates 30th birthday by partying in a London nightclub until 4.30am. Usain Bolt 'spent the night' with drug lord's widow INSIDE the Olympic village. Team GB's Lynsey Sharp claims it's difficult to race against Caster Semenya. Friends icon Maggie Wheeler looks completely different to Janice. Gothenburg boy dies after a GRENADE was thrown into his bedroom while he slept in Sweden. EU chief Jean-Claude Juncker calls for ALL borders to be opened. Jamie Oliver confirms his newborn son's name IS River... is it a tribute to the cafe which made him famous?. Germans will be asked to stock pile food, water, money and medicine for the first time since the Cold War to help prepare for an armed attack. Danny Dyer labels Mark Wright and his pals 'complete p****s' following V Festival. Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster celebrate ninth wedding anniversary. German nudist swimmer in a lake left has penis 'caught' on a hook by an angler. Usain Bolt snapped out yet again on SECOND night in London. Palmer high school student who 'sexually assaulted 2 unconscious girls' AVOIDS jail. Donald Trump calls on Hillary Clinton to close the Clinton Foundation 'immediately'. Austrian Natascha Kampusch relives moment she escaped Wolfgang Priklopil's cellar. British soldier dies after being shot during live fire exercise in Northumberland. Birth of a Nation's Nate Parker was accused of harassing his rape accuser AFTER arrest. Nicolas Sarkozy announces new bid for French presidency . St Louis city tops FBI's list of most dangerous urban centers in America. Fisherman found giant pearl worth $100million and kept it under his bed for 10 YEARS. Taylor Swift's beau Tom Hiddleston debuts black wig on the set of Thor: Ragnarok. Former LA Raiders QB Todd Marinovich arrested while naked with marijuana in backyard. Princess Mary bears UNCANNY resemblance to Kate Middleton as she opens a school in Denmark. Jeremy Corbyn faces Virgin Trains' claims he DID have a seat on train journey from London. 'GMA's' Amy Robach says on-air racial slur 'a mistake'. Uh, Oh, Canada: 1,500 people on rafts returned to Michigan. FBI files linking Hillary Clinton to the 'suicide' of White House counsel have vanished. 'ISIS-inspired knifeman who wanted to sneak into Syria to behead man' is probed by FBI. Fox News' Andrea Tantaros sues network claiming 'operates like Playboy Mansion-cult'. Man live-tweets a FOUR-HOUR call to Virgin Media trying to cancel his contract. Expert reveals what could be causing millions of us to sweat. China wants to build a manned radar station on the moon. South Africa's Caster Semenya returns home to heroes' welcome after Olympic gold. 'ISIS-inspired hammer attack' kills Muslim religious leader Jalal Uddin in Rochdale. Manchester pensioner lies at the side of the road and wait 2 hours for an ambulance. Little boy Austin's VERY honest answer to a school test question test go viral. Team USA gymnast Aly Raisman agrees to date with Oakland Raider Colton Underwood via video. Boston groom left PARALYSED after breaking his back on his stag do in Majorca. North Korea's central zoo reopens with dogs as the star attraction. Duke the dog is re-elected for third term as mayor of tiny Minnesota town. Conspiracy theorists claim 'Planet X' is on a collision course for Earth . Get 'em off! Armed police order Muslim woman to remove her burkini on packed Nice beach - as mother, 34, wearing Islamic headscarf is threatened with pepper spray and fined in Cannes . Plymouth couple forced to cancel wedding after they BOTH undergo limb amputation. Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau 'killed in air strike by Nigerian fighter jets'. Courteney Cox expresses regret over chasing youth with cosmetic procedures. Johnny Depp seen for first time since $7m Amber Heard settlement. Scottish farmer does naked push-ups in the back of moving truck for charity. Syrian war child victims shown in harrowing pictures. Thailand car bomb leaves one dead and 29 injured. Nine-year-old boy with pacemaker was stopped by TSA from flying. Video shows couple watching in horror as their best man loses their wedding rings. Space observatory may reveal details about a habitable planet tomorrow. Guatamalan weather girl sends social media into meltdown after wearing mini skirt. How to make sure your child is safe in SEVEN simple steps. Get ready for the Great American Eclipse!. Ryan Reynolds delights Twitter with his replies to fans' obscene sexual come-ons. Joshua Jackson and Ruth Wilson spend 8 hours drinking during session at NYC restaurant . Hawaii woman wins $10.7m jackpot at Wynn Las Vegas. Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel host Hillary Clinton fundraiser with fellow celebs. Doctor writes his 'journey into the afterlife in out-of-body experience during surgery'. Roger Ailes lawsuit claims he called Kimberly Guilfoyle a 'Puerto Rican w****'. Waffle House customers laugh as they watch an elderly woman dance in the parking lot. Brazilian student tells how Usain Bolt smuggled her into Olympic village. Wanda Witter who was homeless in Washington DC proves Social Security owes her $100,000. Charlotte trooper who shot dead unarmed deaf father pictured . Lizzi Marriott's parents are fighting to keep her sexual history private. Heartwarming moment woman who 'dreamed of having a new dog' bursts into tears of joy when her husband surprises her with a pug puppy . Hillary Clinton's aide Huma Abedin left classified material in her CAR according to email. Teenage boy who survived brain-eating amoeba contracted on vacation in Florida . Heart-warming video of baby panda giving his pal a back massage in China. Father criticised after pouring a BEER down his baby's throat in China. Air New Zealand flight crew investigated over Snapchats mocking passengers. Italy earthquake of magnitude 6.2 leaves at least 20 dead in town of Amatrice. Body-positive trend sweeps Instagram as curvy women celebrate their beauty. ISIS uses Greek refugee camp to distribute fake passports for terrorists. Martin Shkreli backs Mylan CEO Heather Bresch after she got huge pay rise while life-saving EpiPens prices were hiked. Smokers who turn to vaping with e-cigarettes 'have fewer lung infections'. Jack Russell is caught in the act of unraveling a whole roll of bathroom tissue. Facebook reveals the 98 pieces of data it uses to target ads. Texas realtor is busted for having sex with a man in a house she'd just sold. PENGUIN Sir Nils Olav waddles past the King of Norway's Guards as it receives new title . Lauren Simpson can squat with 110 kilos after 'healthy relationship with exercise'. Calais road block by migrants armed with BATS stop UK-bound lorry. Europe's big three leaders pledge MORE integration despite popular backlash. Perth blogger Constance Hall shares honest Facebook post about body shaming. New Kickstarter project baKblade 2.0 launches ergonomic back razor for men. Iraq cemetery known as Peace Valley holds 5m graves with 200 more added each day. Colombian man appears completely unfazed as a huge knife protrudes from his back. Rio 2016 was a scandal despite our golden heroes says Robert Hardman. Monitoring sewage from homes could help officers target illegal immigrants. Get fit in 15 minutes: Tone up your upper body and fight the ageing effects of slouching . Several injured as a freight train crashes into a school bus in Germany. Scott Eastwood's tragic love revealed: Girlfriend killed in crash was aspiring model Jewel Brangman. The eight laundry problems we hate most...and how to fix them . Say YES to carbs: Why eating white rice and pasta WON'T make you pile on the pounds (and could even help control your weight). Bella Thorne reveals that she's bisexual after Snapchat of same-sex kiss. Theresa Hohenhaus gives birth to grandson after leukaemia leaves daughter infertile. Muslim siblings kicked off easyJet flight over ISIS accusations. Petra Stunt looks unrecognisable with plump lips and peroxide hair on Instagram. Apple email scam alert that scares victims into thinking someone has used bank details. VERY effective ways to make sex last longer (including avoiding your favourite position). Kate Middleton recycles LK Bennett dress while visiting a youth project in Luton. Shocking before and after pictures of Italian towns effected by earthquake. Two-year-old girl who was swept into sea at Newquay with her father dies. Donald Trump slams Hillary Clinton for 'Third World'- style corruption. World's largest 'bottom' aircraft hits a telegraph pole and suffers cockpit damage. Earthquake of 6.8 magnitude strikes central Myanmar. Turkey sends in the tanks: Ankara launches operation to free jihadist-held Syrian town as minister warns country is under attack from ISIS. Amazon customers unleash on products with hilarious reviews in mock earnest. Bella Hadid joins abs-baring sister Gigi for girls' night out. Queensland hostel stabbing leaves female British backpacker dead and man wounded. Usain Bolt's 'First Lady' girlfriend reacts to the sprinter's partying marathon. Reddit user posts heatbreaking photo of dying cat holding owner's hand. Britney Spears is latest star to join James Corden for Carpool Karaoke. Yazidi teen raped by ISIS militants reveals she set herself on FIRE to escape. New Zealand hunting dad defends pictures of little girl biting a deer's HEART. Yeovil mother reveals 3-year-old boy's last words before he died suddenly. Ohio man 'acting like a GORILLA and masturbating on a sidewalk' is arrested. Lizzi Marriott's parents are fighting to keep her sexual history private. Indianapolis cop shot a black man in his own home after he called police for help. American University in Kabul terror leaves 'at least one dead' and 14 injured. New York firefighter who received full face transplant is adjusting to 'new normal'. Jamie Oliver reveals his newborn son is called River Rocket on Instagram. 'Their legs were sucked in like quicksand': Camber  Sands tragedy. The pictures that will break Khloe Kardashian's heart: Lamar Odom flanked by strippers at seedy club after being caught on camera 'smoking marijuana'. Scientists discover planet that could support humans after the Sun dies. Chinese woman who was doused in gasoline and set alight bravely shows off her burns. Islamic women enjoy a paddle on Brighton beach in traditional dress. Colorado super-slimmer left 'puddle of skin' on stomach after losing 200 POUNDS. Prince's former drug dealer Doctor D claims he knew what was in the pills that killed him. Madeleine McCann detectives may apply to Home Office for more money in investigation. Snapchat story sees a teen sobbing in her car after accidentally hitting a bird. New York skyline witnessed 'Mars-like blood moon rising' over Manhattan. Amy Schumer says Met Gala 'felt like punishment' and told Beyonce she'll never attend again. Kim Kardashian's breasts on show in see-through bikini top in Mexico. Anjem Choudary's bodyguard faces jail after assaulting schoolboy. Atlanta gas station shootout sees woman caught in terrifying crossfire. Tennessee dog 'depressed' after the death of his best friend finds happiness with a duck. Kim Kardashian wears nude bikini while playing tennis with pal Jasmine Sanders in Mexico. Image of sleeping student goes viral after internet pranksters Photoshop her into an array of BIZARRE situations. YouTube prankster tricks drunk boyfriend into thinking he slept with ladyboy in Bangkok. Jennifer Lopez splits from Casper Smart after five years together. McDonald's recalls millions of Happy Meals fitness bands. Canadien whale-watching boat saw seal climb aboard to escape some killer orcas. Sir Ivan Wilzig security team used a drone to keep an eye on guests at his 60th birthday bash. Vietnamese woman paid friend to cut off her foot and arm to claim health insurance . U2's Bono and Microsoft founder Bill Gates enjoy a lunch in St Tropez with their wives. 'She's alive!': Dramatic moment a ten-year-old girl is pulled from the rubble after spending 17 HOURS trapped upside down in Italian earthquake debris . Queensland backpacker Mia Ayliffe-Chung's trip of a lifetime before being killed in hostel in knife attack. Doctors Without Borders wouldn't help negotiate for Kayla Mueller. Botched By Nature see's women enter clinic with conjoined buttocks. Hope Solo banned from Team USA for SIX MONTHS following Olympics comments. Muslim mum wears a burkini at Sydney pool as she teaches her kids to swim. Kylie Jenner shares bikini photos from her 19th birthday bash in the Turks And Caicos. Hillary Clinton staffer's magazine claims Jews 'adept at working political system'. KFC's new marketing gimmick, give away scented sunscreen. Mom, 52, charged with neglect after police find her two children living in squalor and their feet 'caked' in the feces of the 24 Chihuahuas at home with them. Boomtown festival-goer who forgot to take girl's number finds her after fly-postering. Queensland hostel knifeman charged with murder of British backpacker Mia Ayliffe-Chung. YouTube couple left Chicago after one day because it's too dangerous. Ajax and Burton Albion make it... but who comes out on top in our list of the 20 greatest badges in football?. Georgia man gets 40 years for pouring scalding water on gay couple. Attack on American University in Kabul ends after two attackers were killed. People with diabetes could be spared pain as scientists develop an insulin PILL. Leslie Jones' website hacked releasing nude photos and copies of her driving license. Jenna Dewan-Tatum turns heads in VERY short dress and thigh-high boots in Hollywood. Queensland hostel stabbing witness broke his ankles jumping for his life. Forget the age of plenty, we were happier in the 1700s! Briton's were more content with life in the era of slums, gin mothers and workhouses than today. 89-year-old Ballina woman is a bridesmaid for her granddaughter. French man who 'stabbed British backpacker' at Queensland hostel attacked police. Russian model Alena Shishkova sparks concerns for her health with Instagram snaps. Scottish football player tries to remove big toe nail with power drill in video. Newark police draw guns on 10-year-old boy after mistaking him for armed robbery suspect. I wouldn't vote for Hillary Clinton if she paid me! Nigel Farage ditches the dodgy moustache and joins Donald Trump on stage to boast about Brexit success in front of 15,000 screaming Republicans . Victoria Beckham holds daughter Harper's hand as she takes her children for lunch in LA. Adorable moment boy is caught red-handed after stealing his sister's make-up. Melbourne schoolgirl Una Russon sends letter to her primary school asking to have a boyfriend. Forget London... the top 3 restaurants in the country are in the regions. Taylor Swift and Idris Elba among examples of what makes people classy. Hilarious video captures the moment pitbull admits to eating owners insole. EasyJet flight 'delayed for an hour after crew members fight over water bottles'. Burkini ban on Nice beach plays straight into the hands of fanatics says SARAH VINE. Usain Bolt drinks for FOURTH night in a row and brings girls back to hotel. John Krasinski says getting an 'eight pack' improved sex life with wife Emily Blunt. Horrific moment woman pulls rock-hard lump of MOLD from her belly button . Star Wars' Kenny Baker funeral service held in Lancashire as fans attend. Emily Ratajkowski showcases incredible figure in saucy Santorini photo. Kate Middleton stuns in scarlet as she joins Prince William at helpline in London. Johnny Depp sends first batch of Amber Heard's divorce settlement to charity. Terrifying moment baseball bat-wielding woman in Dewsbury charges after a driver. Rescuers' pursuit to find Italian earthquake casualties alive but many already dead. Hilarious viral Facebook status fails that people wish they could have deleted. DJ woke up after partying in Ibiza and realised that he paid for a COACH on eBay. UCLA doctors make history 'jump-starting' brain of 25-year-old coma patient. Mexico's Great Pyramid of Cholulu lay beneath a church built by early settlers. Every item in this treats box is 19 years old in proof they're full of chemicals . Four-year-girl able to swim for first time 2 days before she was killed by rare illness. Outrage over nude production of Shakespeare's The Tempest in NYC park. Chris Hemsworth hands out pizza to fans and onlookers on streets of Brisbane. Coventry mum says daughter's childhood has been 'robbed' after she started puberty aged SIX. Woman forced to MOVE HOUSE because neighbours were 'jealous' of bikini body. California couple raise $20K for their dog Rexi born with backward legs. Viral picture of a mum hugging her daughter goodbye before welcoming another child. Heartbreaking story of the brothers battling a cruel genetic disorder. Six 'migrants trying to cross Channel' are rescued off the coast of Dover . Ryanair staff assisted by toddler on flight from London who then fell asleep in the aisle. Texas college students rally against gun law with sex toys. San Mateo woman who got stuck in a turnstile at Disneyland loses 350LBS. World's fattest boy who could not WALK returns to school as diet pays off. Casey Anthony pictured on a night out bowling with friends in Florida. Larry King's wife Shawn allegedly caught sending nude photos to man she is having affair with. Julian Assange to release material from Hillary Clinton's election campaign. Russian couple filmed having sex on an overpass near the Trans Siberian Highway. Delaware Go Ape zipwire sees woman die after falling 40ft. Devoted Canadian couple forced to separate because they can't get into same care home. Billy Bob Thornton has charmed Angelina Jolie and now Amber Heard. Social worker drowned in 'James Bond meets Pussy Galore' swingers' party in Radlett. Cops rescue a baby covered in vomit and wash him in their sink at the police station. Gruesome moment python regurgitates an entire ANTELOPE in front of villagers. Florida father of 'cannibal' frat boy Austin Harrouff breaks down on Dr Phil. Video shows what really goes on at notorious Ayia Napa nightclubs AFTER police crackdown. Jessica Alba stands by her Honest Company as she calls lawsuits 'baseless' and 'attention seeking'. Sonia Rykiel 'the Queen of Knitwear' dies aged 86 after battle with Parkinson's. Terrifying moment passenger jet fails first take-off attempt at Frankfurt Airport. Facebook reveals the 98 pieces of data it uses to target ads. KFC's top recipe was 'found' and FEMAIL puts it to the test. Plastic surgery addicts vow to live as the real life Barbie and Ken. Italian earthquake in Amatrice killed at least 3 Britons. British Euromillions winner makes strange set of rules for her boyfriend in Ibiza. Kazakhstan mother pushes her baby son in a pushchair while driving her car. Indian man carries dead wife for 7miles when hospital would not pay for transport. Rio police charge Ryan Lochte with false report of robbery. Abduction fears as boy is spotted getting into van and leaving his bike on the pavement. How Czech hiker survived four-week ordeal in New Zealand's winter wilderness. Kylie Jenner gives enormous diamond ring from Tyga its first bath on Snapchat. Arnold Schwarzenegger and son flash their biceps on bikes after bonding gym session. Alien hunters say they've spotted a 'lone shoe' of a species that died in Martian war. Mississippi lawyer claims racial bias as black man's charged while white woman was not. Why are families earning PS50,000 broke at the end of the month?. The incredible things you didn't know you could do with a PS1 pot of Vaseline. Belgian sports centre blast in Chimay leaves one dead and several trapped in 'rubble'. Zio adhesive patch can monitor heart beat for those who suffer from heart-rhythm problems. Fascinating calculator reveals how the cost of living has changed over the years. What a quacking day! Hilarious moment plucky duck gatecrashes a WEDDING and steals the show as it joins couple for their first dance . Fat women who refuse to diet 'are more likely to get cancer'. Celebrity pup Uni-Chan beams with delight as she rides on swing. San Francisco among the least affordable US cities. Koala baby emergesfrom mother's pouch at Taronga Western Plains Zoo. Taylor Swift flaunts fuller chest in clingy red crop top after boob job rumours. Mother, boyfriend and cousin are arrested for dismemberment of girl and setting her on fire. Hillary Clinton dodges questions from 'cooperative' reporters with free chocolate. Larry King and wife sat down to address reports their marriage is a 'charade'. Kent man 'accidentally set up WhatsApp group adding 250 women he had chatted up online'. Idaho woman takes photo of a ghost lurking in flames near blaze at her ranch. Constance Hall breaks down from being abused on her Facebook for blackface photo. Turkish PM vows revenge after 'Kurdish car bomb attack' kills at least 11. Grizzly video showing how gelatin is REALLY made is putting people off their gummy bears. Dusty Springfield's former 7 bed Art Deco London mansion on the market for PS16.5m. Central Italy is rocked by 4.8 magnitude aftershock following earthquake. Katy Perry expresses sympathy for catfishing victim believing they'd been dating. Refugees stuck in Milan 'bottleneck' demand access to central Europe . Scientific breakthrough promises to reduce time for women trying to get pregnant. Kylie Jenner insists she hasn't had breast implants after Snapchat photos. Nicole Scherzinger blanks question about Cheryl Fernandez-Versini at X Factor launch. The picture of David Cameron that says more about the pain of losing power. Italian earthquake in Amatrice killed at least 3 Britons. Harper and Brooklyn Beckham have day out with dad David in Bel-Air. Claims pictures may be SET UP of Muslim women wearing burkinis on French beach. Heartbreaking video shows Syrian boys crying after brother is killed in airstrike. Oscar Pistorius' appeal for murdering Reeva Steenkamp is REJECTED. James Corden and Britney Spears sing 'Baby One More Time' during Carpool Karaoke. Central Italy is rocked by 4.8 magnitude aftershock following earthquake. Driver demands compensation from showjumper after ogling her and crashing his car. Richard Branson nearly died in bike crash on British Virgin Islands. Calvin Harris 'to return to X Factor' as Simon Cowell lifts lifelong ban. Shocking moment mother is filmed BEATING her baby son after suspicious husband installs CCTV in their house to catch her . Center Parcs pervert strips naked after tricking woman into 'professional' massage. Woman releases tub of live crickets and worms on New York subway. Long Island veteran kills himself in the parking lot of a VA hospital. ISIS hostage video shows Kayla Mueller pleading for help from captivity in Syria. How nature is reclaiming the eerie, near-abandoned town of Cairo, Illinois. Mum of boy with Down's syndrome speaks about why she calls him a retard. France's top administrative court overturns burkini ban . Two Catholic nuns found murdered at their Mississippi home. 10-year-old boy surprises his girlfriend with a heartfelt letter after she hurt her knee. Basildon judge blasts drunk mother who urinated on a war memorial TWICE. Pig Nose the legendary Canadian sturgeon caught in British Columbia's Fraser River. Driver castrated himself after crashing his car at almost twice the speed limit. Primary school teacher moves his bride to tears on their wedding day. RAF pilot dies days after his 100th birthday . The dog who has been making a four-mile commute to town every day for 12 YEARS. Hilarious video of boy being wedged between two cows on live TV. Texas utility worker fixing a leaking pipe sweeps the internet. Horrific video shows black teen surrendering to police being shot 16 times. Suffolk boy 'who was being bullied at school hanged himself in his bedroom'. Other kids point and stare at him - but brave boy, 5, born with severe facial cleft knows how to shrug off his bullies: with KINDNESS. Jackass' Bam Margera urinates in the street during European holiday with his wife. Bomb squad deployed in Birmingham after five men are arrested on terror charges. Snapchat story shows dog owner treat her dying pet to fun-packed day before being put down. Amarillo police department escort 3 young children of fallen officer to school. Kayla Mueller stood up to ISIS executioner Jihadi John to help save Yazidi sex slaves. 'A few sizes larger and a million times happier': Mother-of-two says her life has transformed for the better since putting on weight - going from a size eight to an 18. Dead Indian woman crushed and squeezed into bag by workmen to carry her corpse. John Lennon handed me the biggest scoop in pop history and I blew it!. Touching video of mother battling cancer being given a glamorous makeover. Sarah Jessica Parker steps down as face of Mylan, the company behind EpiPen price hike. ISIS video shows British boy executing prisoners in Syria . Judge gets own back on thug who had boasted on Facebook about avoiding prison. KATIE HOPKINS runs the migrant Calais gauntlet with truckers. Mother whose dog mauled daughter to death is in hospital after court fight. Transgender escort makes PS40,000 after sleeping with 300 MARRIED men. YouTuber Cemre Candar bathes in 1,250 bottle of hot sauce. Taylor Swift heads to dance class in New York after boob job rumours. Norwegian man unwittingly recreates iconic Trainspotting scene after jumping into a toilet. Georgia dad destroys his daughter's Audi for 'fooling around with a boy inside'. Woman with bowel condition mortified to be told she was 'scaring the children'. British teen girls attacked by 'gang of French Muslims who tried to grope them'. Lady Amelia Windsor is a vision in white as she celebrates her 21st birthday. British backpacker Mia Ayliffe-Chung 'rejected sexual advances' from Smail Ayad. Divers find a century-old STEAM TRAIN at the bottom of Lake Superior . Polish runner apologises for 'white silver medallist' in Olympic 800m final claim. Video of thrill-seeker slamming into river after jump from VERY HIGH cliff. 'Billionaire' driver Hamza Sheikh to learn in a Rolls-Royce. Men with hair are perceived as 'more attractive, approachable and successful'. Melbourne father who got his own daughter pregnant sentenced to 10 years in jail. Two sets of identical twins marry in matching outfits. Missing boaters rescued from uninhabited Pacific island after writing 'SOS' in the sand. NBA star Dwyane Wade's cousin has been shot and killed in Chicago. Lauren Darlington opens up on her heartbreaking experience as a prostitute. Pair of 90-year-old D-Day veterans make tandem parachute jump for charity. A breakfast host is heard urinating live on TV after they forgot to take off their mic. Geraldo Rivera slams Fox News' Andrea Tantaros over sex harassment suit against Roger Ailes. ISIS supporter who 'battered Muslim preacher to death' pictured. Ex-Red Cross worker who stabbed her boyfriend after accusing him of cheating struck off . Ben & Jerry's warn Cookie Dough ice cream may contain shards of metal . Can YOU spot Anna Kournikova in this primary school photo?. David Beckham moves into refurbished PS31.5m West London mansion. Amber Heard's team claim Johnny Depp gave her $7m settlement to charity for a tax deduction. Second case of babies switched in Canadian hospital shakes community. British Sea Vixen jet-fighter soaring above the Devon coastline caught in stunning photos. Women say bisexual men 'are better lovers and better fathers than straight partners' . Nursery nurse told stomach cramps were period pain actually had cervical cancer. German economy falls into 'summer slump' amid warnings of weaker growth. Waves from north Atlantic 'weather bomb' are measured in Japan. Photographs show how the Irish coast is littered with wrecks from WWI. Plastic found in a THIRD of fish caught in Britain because of toxic microbeads. The lottery curse strikes as Victoria Jones leaves her husband for Dreams mattress tycoon. Baby is abandoned by his parents after horrific condition made his head grow THREE times the normal size. Ferrari F50 crash schoolboy victim named. Smail Ayad had allegedly been threatening to 'massacre' his fellow backpackers for weeks. FEMAIL reveals the worst men's haircuts of all time. Farming family is ordered to leave the UK after missing immigration application deadline. British surgeon who operates on Aleppo's wounded children pleads the West MUST act now. Kim Kardashian wears skin-tight mesh jumpsuit to party with Kendall Jenner. Usain Bolt out AGAIN in London with at least SIX women. Boy in horrific ISIS propaganda video could be jihadi bride Sally Jones's son. More than half of Britons want WILLIAM to be the next king. Psoriasis sufferer asked to leave a swimming pool because of her red flaky skin. Tom Cruise's son Conno is treated like a god at Scientology's headquarters. Can dead pets really come back to comfort their owners? . GP who blogged about her battle with bipolar disorder 'was found hanged'. Calais migrant gangs attack British drivers in DAYLIGHT to get to UK. A judge ruled this man can't have sex without giving police 24hrs notice. Amber Rose has lost track of how many people she's slept with. The faithful spaniel standing by his master's coffin, the firefighters devastated that they couldn't save more and the battered survivors consumed by grief: Italy lays to rest the first 35 earthquake victims. Bridge collapses onto lorry on motorway in Kent. Mourners gather for vigil for Victoria Martens who was brutally dismembered in New Mexico. WHIPS used by sex killers Fred and Rose West go on display in crime museum . Angela Merkel 'quite fancied' David Cameron claims his biographer. Viktor Orban says Hungary needs to build stronger anti-migrant fence. Man faces 2 capital murder charges in Mississippi nun deaths. Jennifer Storrar of Ontario and Troy Reddington get engaged at Eagle Lake. Hundreds of mourners led by sobbing parents attend funeral for Alayna Ertl. Tom Hardy makes his first appearance on the set of WWII film Dunkirk. Reddit user posts ultrasound image of unborn child that looks like a RABBIT . Indonesian man claiming to be world's oldest at age 145 says he is ready to die. CBB final see's Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson reunite with Lewis Bloor. Extraordinary story of the 2ft 6in man and his burns victim wife in China. Meet the mum and dad who decided it was time to teach their little madam a lesson . Helicopter pilot performs jaw-dropping rescue in the Carpathian Mountains. Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad's helicopters kill at least 15 in Aleppo. Kim Kardashian looks at naked figure of herself at Kanye West's exhibition. Princess Diana is named the biggest style inspiration of all time. Dog in Italy proves he is man's best friend by refusing to leave master's coffin. 'Whale vomit' found on a beach near Weston-super-Mare turns out to be worthless. CBB winner Stephen Bear celebrates in style as he parties the night away. Mother dies saving toddler son from drowning in Utah lake by holding him above the water. 20th century wedding gown is transformed into a dazzling 'diamond' encrusted dress. Texas man 'beheaded his wife before placing her head in the freezer'. Terminally-ill woman sees her unborn grandchild for first time at Victoria hospital, Fife. Ecuadorian woman falls to death in Yellowstone canyon. Grandmother from Ghana sells Gollywogsi n bid to 'reclaim black heritage'. Labour suspends member after she posts about love of the FOO FIGHTERS on Facebook. Arkansas men arrested for Snapchat video showing them choking and slitting a dog's throat. Plastic beads in everything from shower gel to toothpaste are poisoning oceans. Italian wingsuit pilot broadcasts his own death live on Facebook as jump ends in tragedy. Cherie Blair's Muslim convert sister Lauren Booth defends burkinis on This Morning. X Factor hopeful Christian Burrows reduces judges to tears with tribute to his dead brother. Vampire role-player avoids jail for having sex with a minor and drinking blood of two others. ISIS jihadis pray for Donald Trump to win the election. Moderate Muslims put up billboards denouncing ISIS. Photographer documents the heartbreaking end of her 'Nonna's' life. Hilarious video of man sleeping behind self portrait in class. Shocking moment football fan punches another fan at West Ham's new stadium. Father identifies British boy 'killer' seen executing a captured prisoner in Syria  . San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick refuses to stand for anthem. Hamster with a broken arm in a cast goes viral. Huma Abedin's journal claims Bill Clinton bombed Iraq to distract from affair. Denmark opens female-led mosque with a woman singing the Friday call to prayer. A new mother's joy turns to heartache as doctors find cancer in her baby. Teenage girl feared for her life as she was savaged by huge Turkish Kangal dog. Fury as Donald Trump 'exploits' the death of Dwyane Wade's cousin. IVF children of Britain's famous 'gay dads' give a first-ever account of their lives. Adelaide's 'Asskicker' coffee has 80 times as much caffeine as a regular cup. Southwest Airlines flight forced to divert after part of an engine was 'torn away' . Selfie 'proves' iconic rapper Tupac Shakur is alive and well. Pub sign asking visitors to hit back at neighbours goes viral. Video shows husband who had vasectomy filming wife's reaction to pregnancy news. A disabled six-year-old girl was allegedly sexually abused in a school toilet. New York scientists reveal which species of palnts act as air filters. GP who forced family of white farmers off their Zimbabwe farm has UK surgery shut down. Shameless star William H. Macy says Australia is a nation of alcoholics. London man proposes to girlfriend with 'will you marry me' mowed into a field. Striking images of mid-century motels capture the architecture of a bygone era. A young girl batters her rival in a horrific fight filmed by fellow students. Children should have no more than 6 teaspoons of sugar per day. Cheltenham man gets Tesco catchphrase 'every little helps' inked on his GROIN while drunk. Vogue Brazil under fire for using able-bodied actors who were photoshopped with disabilities. Justin Bieber and Sofia Richie lavish each other with kisses during getaway to Mexico . Modern mumma Mel Watts forced to give her son the sex talk. Delta Airlines to use smart chips on your luggage to make sure it doesn't get lost . New Zealand girl went from 'flu' symptoms to a horrific rare skin eating disease. The most creative 'do not disturb' baby napping signs. Police officer poses for selfies with loose dogs which are used to find their owners. Tesco shoppers evacuated after '15ft waterfall' crashes through ceiling. As BHS stores close pensions watchdog could force Green's wife to plug black hole . Fascinating pictures show faces of youngsters fostered by Barnardo's 150 years ago . YouTuber shares a bizarre guide to beating your migraine in TWO minutes. The top 10 places here people most want to live in the UK are revealed. Video of Utah baby ignoring mother TURNING UP the radio so he can keep dancing. From blue lobsters to pink grasshoppers: Meet the bizarre animals with incredible colouring . Fancy wedding RSVP accidentally adds a 'child' option to the meal request . Tory local politician says to man that he's the first black fireman he'd seen. Spectacular aerial video shows an enormous bridge built over deep valley in China. Hull family evicted from Butlins after their daughter was sick on sheets. Camber Sands major search launched for 'missing woman' who turns out to be safe. Corporate high-flyer reveals how beggars bullied her out of PS80,000. KFC insist recipe found in Colonel Sanders' nephew's scrapbook is NOT authentic. Instagram chef Miguel Barclay creates 28 gourmet dinners for PS1 each. Tragedy as son 'beats his parents to death inside their New Jersey home'. Unseen photos show a young Freddie Mercury became pop's most outrageous frontman. Mexican teen dies of a stroke after his girlfriend gave him a HICKEY. Donald Trump will be the new Ronald Reagan according to Nigel Farage. Facebook appeal leads to autistic boy receiving 20k birthday cards. Notting Hill Carnival begins as police use 'super-recognisers' in crime crackdown. Jeremy Corbyn claims he's not wealthy despite earning PS138k a-year. ISIS sends new wave of jihadis on 'missions' to attack Europe. Man kept as a slave by travellers for 26 years reveals how they got their kicks from him. Mother of girl who was pulled from a pool tells of her decision to switch off life support. Far better burkini than some outfits I saw on girls this week according to Amanda Platell. San Francisco 49ers fans burn Colin Kaepernick jerseys to the national anthem. Tom Jackson fights for his life in Townsville Hospital after protecting Mia Ayliffe-Chung. Jack the Ripper fled to YORKSHIRE to continue his killing spree but was hanged in Australia. Sydney tourist injured in Nice massacre praises French stranger for saving her life. ISIS suicide bomber stabs Indonesian priest before explosives fail. Father's dash to Australian bedside of his son who tried to save British backpacker. Grey-haired ISIS fanatics execute prisoners days after terror group turns boys into killers. Car crash mother avoids jail as she faces 'a greater punishment than any court could impose'. Young man drowns after jumping in one of the lakes at Virginia Wate. Family of red heads from Scottish Highlands are about to feature in magazines around the world. Christian Dior criticised for Johnny Depp's new 'Sauvage' campaign. Fury as number of abortions of cleft-lip babies rises after new in-womb tests are offered  . Miracle baby born missing most of his SKULL celebrates his second birthday  . New Jersey woman who videotaped child sex assault gets prison term. Foreign aid budget will be slashed to fund the war on terror. Two brothers charged with shooting Dwyane Wade's cousin in Chicago. College student dubbed 'Superman'had to relearn to walk, talk, and eat after falling 7ft. PM must kick out dodgy asylum seekers, bogus students and demand work permits for  EU workers. US Gymnast Simone Biles loses all her Olympics photos. Halesowen teen took own life after fearing she's be called a racist over online picture. Experienced Channel swimmer dies after difficulties 16 hours into attempt. New York man tries to abduct 11-year-old girl at US Open family fun day. Usain Bolt handed out Rio Olympics medals to London party girls on 'podium'. Mo Farah's brother faces being kicked out of Britain and deported to war-torn Somalia. Shrewsbury Folk Festival bans Morris dancers from appearing in blackface. Marouane Fellaini rushes to help stricken fan crushed against the hoardings during Manchester United's celebrations against Hull City. Donald Trump says his immigration policy will see 'bad guys' removed. Crystal meth sweeps Britain as arrests soar 500% in five years. Mick Jagger promises a five-figure sum every month to the ballerina carrying his child. Jessica Ayers whose husbandwas  killed by Charles Shisler writes essay about grieving. Hugh Grant admits he's nothing like his endearing on-screen roles . Chris Christie pledges Donald Trump will deal with illegal immigrants 'humanely'. Parliament will NOT hold a vote before formally triggering withdrawal from the EU . National Park Service celebrates 100 years with over 11,000 incidents recorded in July. Burning Man festival in Nevada begins as thousands hit the desert. Jet-skier has a close encounter with tiger shark on the waters of Noosa's Granite Bay. Bus full of Louisiana flood volunteers with unlicensed illegal immigrant driver crash. $600,000 'flying motorbike' can hit 112mph on land AND in the air. Ex-government agent claimed 'JFK assassination was an inside job'. Mariah Carey's HIV-positive sister Alison arrested for prostitution. Legendary Mexican singer Juan Gabriel dies of 'heart attack' aged 66. See if you can match these catwalk kings and queens with their very famous parents . Beyonce brings Blue Ivy as her date to the 2016 MTV VMAs. Ashes of backpacker Mia Ayliffe-Chung to be 'spread around the world'. Comedy Wildlife Photo Awards 2016 capture the lighter side of nature. Nate Parker opened up about his rape accuser in a new interview. Miranda Kerr sizzles in skimpy Bonds bikini photoshoot. Sex robot brothels are to become commonplace on the streets of Britain says professor. Kanye West watches Kim Kardashian show off her figure at MTV Video Music Awards. Amazon plans to open a physical bookstore in Chicago in 2017. Jewish CBB contestant Katie Waissel calls Christopher Biggins a 'nasty, nasty person'. Beyonce makes powerful statement about gun violence on VMAs red carpet. Barbra Streisand claims she will move to Australia if Donald Trump wins US election. MTV VMAs worst dressed lead by Farrah Abraham, Cassie, and Stella Maxwell. Jennifer Garner appears to wipe away tears as Ben Affleck glares at her in tense reunion. Nicki Minaj and Ariana Grande turn up the heat at MTV VMAs with Side To Side performance. Satellite picture reveals what the Burning Man festival looks like from space. Kanye West's VMA speech gives a shout out to Amber Rose, Ray J and digs at Taylor Swift. Anthony Weiner sexted a brunette while his son was in bed with him. Beyonce delivers powerful rendition of Lemonade hits at MTV VMAs in a skintight bodysuit. French women wearing headscarves are thrown out of Paris restaurant. LAX evacuated after 'ZORRO' is arrested amid reports of an 'active shooter'. Drake leans in to kiss Rihanna as he presents her with Vanguard Award at MTV VMAs. Britney Spears glitters in gold and dances up a storm on the MTV VMA stage. Five arrested in Brussels after gang bomb crime lab. Nev Schulman's pregnant fiancee Laura Prelong goes topless at MTV VMAs. Nigerian bride goes makeup free for her wedding day and causes a stir around the globe. Mother's milk contains sugars which protect babies from deadly meningitis and pneumonia. Inside Sydney gay sex club where a man was charged for switching lubricant for acid. Little Mia Tindall gets into the Big Festival fun with parents Mike and Zara. British couple killed in Italian earthquake found in each other's arms. Salt levels in Australia's instant noodles second highest in world to China. Ithaca College student dies after he and another man were stabbed at Cornell University. Boy spotted 'being bundled into a black van' in Redhill. Georgia May Foote SPLITS from boyfriend and ex-Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice. Nepalese ichthyosis sufferer's life transformed by a simple tub of Vaseline. 'Police officer' confronts burkini-wearing woman on UK beach in a social experiment. Adorable moment sleepy lioness gives her cub a big cuddle. Natural high! Daredevil scales 840ft chimney and performs tricks around its crumbling rim on a UNICYCLE before he dangles with one hand above terrifying drop. Ministers are backing a PS6million campaign to save Queen Victoria's iconic coronet. Men reveal their country's ideal female body shapes. Hayley Hasselhoff, daughter of David, on being a plus-size model. Britains' first motorhome goes on sale for PS40,000. Simple tricks that will stop your muscles aching after exercise. Chloe Khan puts on VERY busty display as she poses all over her lavish mansion. Heiress Chloe Green soaks up the sun with a mystery man in St Tropez. Redhill witness who spotted boy 'being bundled into van' is arrested for 'lying to police' . Nicolas Sarkozy says Britain should manage asylum seekers on its own territory. Bridal Beauty Countdown. Unfathomable heroics of airman left behind by SEAL Team 6 during furious Afghan mountaintop battle in 2002 revealed in new video that shows he died fighting Al Qaeda with his BARE HANDS. Leo the lion, who grew up with a tiger and bear for brothers passes away. Scott Mitchell releases surveillance video of ex-fiancee Mary Hunt beating herself up. Teen who went missing in 2009 'was gang-raped, shot, and thrown into an alligator pit'. 'One of the most repugnant, hateful b*****s alive': Comedians tear into conservative pundit Ann Coulter with some VERY incendiary jokes on Comedy Central's roast originally aimed at Rob Lowe. Simone Biles and Final Five gymnasts meet Kim Kardashian and Beyonce at MTV VMAs. Lightning strike kills over 300 reindeer in Norway. 'I'm hoping I can make more friends!' Boy excited about starting the fourth grade gains millions of fans after giving a VERY enthusiastic interview on his first day back at school. Apocalypse now? Massive mushroom cloud terrifies residents in Siberia. Rihanna and on-off beau Drake head back to the same hotel together after MTV VMAs. Usain Bolt carries on epic Olympics after-party at London nightclub with mystery ladies. Shocking images show Bank Holiday revellers on night out in Newcastle. Huma Abedin smiles in the Hamptons with Hillary Clinton before husband's sext scandal. Kesha flaunts her toned pins in asymmetrical cover-up for picnic in California. Playboy summer party may have been final one at the iconic mansion. Is Earth being contacted by ALIENS? Mystery radio signals come from a sun-like star. Ice Road Truckers' Darrell Ward killed in a plane crash as he heads to Montana. Michael Phelps calls Jimmy Fallon's Ryan Lochte impression 'awesome' on MTV VMAs. Taylor Swift is released from jury duty on Nashville rape case. Philadelphia entrepreneur launches sex toy shaped just like the EGGPLANT Emoji. Shocking body cam video shows Oklahoma female officer pepper spraying a pensioner. NFL star Kaepernick 'will continue to sit' through anthem until there's change. Barconey family of five found dead at their home in suspected murder-suicide . Amateur video shows a ferocious tornado that tore its way through a Russian city. Terrifying moment a 4-year-old boy is hurled off a 27-foot railroad bridge into a river. Washington woman spends $64k to get the body of her dreams after weight loss. Gene Wilder, star of 'Willy Wonka', dies aged 83. Pregnant Blac Chyna poses nude on her very own Paper magazine cover. Terror in South Carolina town as clown tries to lure multiple children into the woods. Barcelona show that sportsmanship runs in their blood as U12s put on remarkable display of humility in comforting distraught Japanese team. Rob Beckett shattered by best friend Oliver Dearlove's death in Blackheath. Carnage at the Notting Hill Carnival: Police arrest 450 people and six are stabbed. Jana Stoner with DD breast implants in her BUTTOCKS twerks for Botched doctors. M5 closed so that seriously injured child can be airlifted to hospital after crash. Foster teenager dubbed Girl X died of a 'speed ball overdose'. Anthony Weiner could be investigated by child services over sext picture featuring his son. Prince Jackson pens heartfelt poem for Michael Jackson's 58th birthday. Anthony Weiner's former sexting partner Sydney Leathers says he is an 'egomaniac'. Jack Daniels alone and a karaoke version of Great Balls of Fire in a strip mall bar - how Justin Bieber spent the night as celebrities partied at the VMAs. Stanford rapist Brock Turner will walk free on Friday after just THREE MONTHS. Kanye West's Fade video dancer starred in MTV's My Super Sweet 16. Spanish charity launches major rescue operation as desperate refugees aim for Europe . Kim Jong Un is worshipped by North Korean teenagers at youth league mass rally . Oklahoma City mother 'shoved crucifix down her daughter's throat until she died'. Jurassic Park advisor Jack Horner was forced out of his job by 'vindictive' museum director. Kim Kardashian stuns in leather skirt as she and North lead the way out of New York. Florida teen 'high on Flakka' broke into home and attacked mother and son. The likeness between stars and offspring including Vanessa Paradis and Lily-Rose Depp. Two men box each other in bloody Magaluf street brawl egged on by a baying mob. Locals leave New York boroughs for the 'small town in a big city' of City Island. German man has built a bicycle weighing nearly a TONNE.