Manchester United stars Paul Pogba, Wayne Rooney and Zlatan Ibrahimovic warm up for Liverpool clash with stretching session in car park and city stroll. Female bullfighter Lea Vicens is smashed into the ground by beast a year later . KATIE HOPKINS believes Ched Evans should be treated as innocent. Kentucky men charged in connection with death of Tyson Gay's daughter Trinity. Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy behind in skimpy swimsuit on Instagram. Michael Orchard 'high on LSD'  'saves' neighbor's dog from imaginary house fire. Turkey warns that World War Three is inevitable if the Syrian conflict continues. Meet the 54-year-old Pamela Jay, who doesn't look a day over 21. Moment a Russian toddler born with no arms learns to feed herself using her FEET . North West wears Kylie Jenner's lipstick as she attends King Cairo's birthday bash. 'My reaction as an Arab is revenge': Brother of Syrian ISIS bomb plotter found hanged in German jail vows to come to Europe as a refugee to avenge his sibling . German schools in Leipzig and Saxony on lockdown following 'mass shootings' warning. Ben Needham's mother broke down in tears when shown the item belonging to her son as death declared an accident. Bank accounts of Russian state broadcaster Russia Today are FROZEN in the UK. Perrie Edwards confirms Zayn Malik DID end their engagement via text. Chrissy Teigen NUDE with her husband John Legend on Instagram. Meet those who have formed Donald Trump's human wall to keep Mexican migrants out. 'Britain's vainest man' Ryan Staveley left with broken eye socket in Manchester club attack' . Mother-of-six Leah Newton claims killer clowns tried to snatch her BABY. Texas former marine gives Kim Kardashian a run for her money after wasp stings his lips. Black Minnesota man arrested for walking in street as sidewalk was under construction . Let me hear you say wayo! Adorable moment Maximus the singing cat performs duet of The Outhere Brothers hit with his owner . Redditors reveal the most insulting presents that they have ever been given. High School volleyball player wows crowd with impromptu rendition of the national anthem. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's former bodyguard claims he 'basically fathered' kids. Asos dripping blood Halloween choker has peoples' minds going straight to the gutter. Bob Geldof sued by bandmate Johnnie Fingers over I Don't Like Mondays song. Five-year-old boy hailed a hero for pulling his toddler brother from a fiery truck wreck that killed their father. Conjoined twins dumped in Bangladeshi hospital by their parents . Azealia Banks claims Russell Crowe assaulted her in his hotel room. Blogger Beck Lomas shares pictures of her bleeding, pimply face to be real. Rose West is 'pinned down and beaten up by a fellow prisoner' at Low Newton jail. Distressing moment a father DUMPS his scared five-year-old daughter on a college campus at 5am with nothing but a blanket in almost freezing temperatures. Beyonce mistaken by Ann Coulter for Nicki Minaj at the Tidal X: 1015 concert in New York. Video shows baby elephant Kham Lha wading across a river to rescue her trainer  . Screwworm infection kills 51 deer in Key West in two weeks. US and Russia tensions are now the worst they've been since 1973, says Vitaly Churkin. Godfathers of the Syrian regime flit between Paris, Marbella and Mayfair. Rodrigo Duterte's war on drug is driven by being sexually abused as a child by priest. Battle for Mosul as ISIS suicide car bomb detonates in attempt to ram Iraqi tank. A dog with five tattoos has appeared online. David Axelrod suggests Hillary Clinton SKIP final debate over Trump's drug test suggestion. 10 stars each pictured now and 10 years ago - but can YOU tell which is which?  . Liev Schreiber and ex Naomi Watts engage in an uncomfortable exchange. Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban haven't been seen together in two months. USS Mason is attacked by rebels in Yemen for the THIRD time this week. Ola Jordan says husband James lasts five minutes   in bed. Shipping container homes allow you to live in luxury for a fraction of the price. Jennifer Lopez puts her famous derriere on full display in very tight gym gear. Pro-Trump sheriff issues Twitter call to arms to fight 'corrupt' media and White House. Kylie Jenner shares Instagram snap where Tyga touches her on her bikini line. Dying baby's aunt Sophie Hughes flies 10k miles from Australia to save his life. Max Spiers, British conspiracy theorist is found dead aged 39 on a sofa in Poland. Colin Kaepernick plays his first game since starting national anthem protests. Miley Cyrus is initmately groped by overamorous fans in footage from London gig. I'm a barbell girl! Don't mess with the pretty Barbie doll lookalike with 330,000 Instagram followers who can bench press 120kg and is a bodybuilding champion. Blac Chyna Snapchats son King Cairo's lavish 'Lego Ferrari Party' for his 4th birthday. Traumatised singletons reveal the craziest things their former partners have done . Al Capone's fall from criminal kingpin to syphilis-riddled madman explored. YouTube video of Florida mom charged with child neglect after letting son drive her car. The Queen is all smiles as she enjoys a day at the races at Ascot . Republican party headquarters firebombed and daubed with Nazi graffiti in North Carolina. Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn in new Inge Morath photography book. Spice Girl Mel C slams Little Mix as too sexualised after Pinktober Gala in London. Is this the world's smallest museum? Yorkshire village opens a tiny attraction in a disused PHONE BOX. 'Last year was a terrible year, she's relived she can finally move on': 'Pregnant' Cheryl's divorce from Jean Bernard 'will be over in days'. Work begins on controversial PS2.5m UK-funded 13ft high Calais wall to stop migrants. PS330m superyacht owned by Russian billionaire sails through first test. The ingenious reason behind the white plastic table on your takeaway pizza. Donald Trump and Melania meet Timothy Cardinal Dolan in New York. Honduras man has penis removed after getting it trapped in a 'sex toy' for FOUR DAYS. Iraqi troops mass outside ISIS-held Mosul before critical battle in Mosul. Hillary Clinton donor claims Trump kissed her at Mother's Day lunch at Mar-a-Lago club. Chelsea ace Cesc Fabregas feeling 'blessed' after announcing he is to become a father for the third time. Ched Evans: I was young and stupid but I committed no crime... so I can never say sorry directly . SAS hero kills ISIS fighter with an axe while freeing sex slaves in Syria. Glee's Dianna Agron weds Mumford & Sons' Winston Marshall in lavish affair in Morocco. Donald Trump hits out at Alec Baldwin and claims SNL is part of media conspiracy. Chicago police release video showing man on PCP brutally beating officer. JULIE BINDEL: Ched Evans judges have created a RAPISTS' CHARTER . Tara Browne's death in the swinging Sixties inspired a Beatles classic. Mayor of Garmisch-Partenkirchen begs for help to tackle 'explosive refugee crime wave'. Mother of conjoined twins separated at Bronx hospital shares touching Facebook post. BMW's new car drives itself and can even overtake at 130mph. Bridge collapses on tourist island of Bali killing nine and leaving dozens injured . Tyson Gay's 15-year-old daughter Trinity is shot dead in Kentucky. Want to make cheap plonk taste like vintage wine? Stick it in a blender!. BMW driver wrecks car forcing past school bus at entrance to New York highway. Climate change scientist who said Arctic would be free of sea ice by last month eats humble pie as data show there's MORE there now than there was four years ago. David Beckham shares Instagram video of Harper at Justin Bieber concert in London. TV host in Spain pulls down dress of Yola Berrocal while cameras are rolling. State Department tried to have email classification changed, Republican claims. Four South Carolina college students die in head-on horror crash. Alec Baldwin and Kate McKinnon perform as Trump and Hillary on SNL. Donald Trump slams the media for 'rigging the election'. Emily Blunt parodies The Great British Bake Off on Saturday Night Live . Calais Jungle boy who made silly Lily cry has a father who is an ex-Islamist fighter. MoD pays thousands to sex assault victims of Libyan cadets being trained in Britain . David Cameron joins Theresa May on the by-election campaign trail. Trump defended from groping allegations by Anthony Gilberthorpe. Bigfoot possibly captured on video walking through a waterfall in Indonesia. Paul Daniels' son claims Debbie McGee has not given him a penny of father's estate. How to tone your tummy from the comfort of your own home. Are these the worst haircut fails ever. Incredible $32million Dallas mansion hits the market complete with its own water park. Meet the residents of New York's scariest haunted house Blood Manor. Now we're holding our pizza wrong! Why you should NEVER pick takeaway up by the crust. LIZ JONES: Appalling I know, but sometimes I'm glad I have an eating disorder . Sick thugs leave dead deer on road with McDonald's bag on head in Datchet. Beyonce powers through Tidal concert despite BLEEDING ear injury. French balcony collapse in Angers leaves four dead and 14 injured. Truck flies off San Diego bridge landing on crowd, killing four and injuring nine  . British backpacker Mia Ayliffe's mother reveals last message before her murder in Australia. Father of Ched Evans's accuser slams defence lawyers for 'raping' his daughter. Proud mother posts viral snap of her caesarean scar. Trump women mock Donald on SNL with Beyonce parody. Danish research shows antidepressants make healthy people more likely to be suicidal. David Carlson who killed child rapist Norris Acosta-Sanchez stands trial for murder. MoD censors soldier's account of Iraq 'mercy killing' then reports him to police: Despicable betrayal of an SAS hero who insists troops 'pleaded with us to do it... they were in agony'. Dramatic video shows rescuers saving a family of wild elephants in China. Sydney woman Natasha Lau spent more than $150,000 on her wedding . Zlatan the bunny enjoys a banana snack in adorable video. Ex- NFL linebacker and Auburn star Quentin Groves dies aged 32 of heart attack. England suffering boom in pupil numbers from migration crippling secondary school. EU workers will only get a visa if they have a skilled job after Brexit. Hope Solo tells Swedish TV she was fired over her stance on women's pay. Researchers reveal same sex experimentation is far more popular than thought. Majority of the USA 'is stressed out by presidential campaigns'. Soldier proposes to his girlfriend during Spain's National Day celebrations . The REAL reason why some McDonald's restaurants charge for sauces. Are these the funniest Snapchats EVER? From bizarre photos to witty puns, the messages that are bound to crack you up. Cat fends off German Shepherd in a hilarious bathroom boxing bout . Growing number of older couples who refuse to set up home together. Spanish bull-fighting descends into 'torture' with animals encouraged to charge at 4x4s. One savvy farmer has plouged his savings into launching country chic underwear brand  . 100 years of the Trans-Siberian railway: Fascinating pictures chart the growth of the longest train line in the world. The upside of PMS: Women may become SMARTER just before their period, claims brain scan study. Airports so beautiful you'll WANT to be delayed: The world's most spectacular terminals revealed. Haggis is forbidden in the US, foie gras is a no-go in India and jelly cups are illegal in Europe: Banned foods around the world revealed. How a sprinkle of cinnamon can soothe your stomach by reducing temperature in the organ. British children are at risk from an outbreak of a killer polio-type virus. Are you using the English language correctly? Take the Oxford University quiz that reveals the phrases we all get wrong. The end of the conker? Playground staple could vanish within 15 years as horse chestnut trees are felled by pests and disease. US ranks number 7 for empathy, while Ecuador and Saudi Arabia top the table. Kate Middleton's mother is selling 'killer clown' costumes on her website. Kennel Club bans 'secret' technique used by trainers to make dogs look more alert as it puts 'enormous stress' on breeds. Russian woman who won PS3.3m in her divorce battle says she is not getting enough money. What a sweetie! Cute moment little boy buys his VERY happy dog an ice cream . Joanne Lees 'secretly returned to Australia to honour Peter Falconio with memorial'. Russia creates terrifying 'death ray' that can FRY enemy drones. Chinese birthplace of Shaolin Wushu martial art sees competitors gather to show off skills. Do you REALLY need 8 glasses of water a day? How drinking when you're not thirsty could KILL you. Kylie Jenner flaunts her figure in racy grey co-ords after calling herself chunky. Olivia Wilde shares cute Instagram to welcome daughter Daisy with fiance Jason Sudeikis. Trump campaign releases 2016 email from sex assault accuser Summer Zervos. Pamela Anderson visits WikiLeaks' Julian Assange at Ecuadorian Embassy in London. Thailand running out of dark clothing as 30 day period of mourning for King Bhumibol begins. Hacked emails raise possibility of Clinton Foundation ethics breach. University of Alabama Phi Mu chapter unveils its brand-new $13million house. Donald Trump calls for drug test before final debate with Hillary Clinton. Switzerland tunnel crash near Schaffhausen kills one and leaves several others injured. Kim Kardashian pictured out for first time in Los Angeles after Paris robbery. One-eye Spanish matador nicknamed 'The Pirate' is gored in the same eye by 100-stone bull. Halloween costumes from a bygone era will put your outfit to shame. American NGO worker kidnapped in Niger identified as Jeff Woodke. Photographer Casey Elise captures cute pictures of cats that have lost their eyes. Michigan high school senior with down syndrome gets voted homecoming king. Paula Jones says she fears for her life if Hillary Clinton is elected president. Footage shows Paris covered in rubbish left by African migrants. Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says threat to kill drug criminals is 'PERFECT'. Nicola Sturgeon says Scottish independence WILL happen because of Brexit. Thrown in jail at 71: The disturbing story of a grandmother who refused to bow to social service orders and move an OAP from the care home he loves. Kate Middleton says she's proud of her grandmother Valerie Glassborow's work. How gorilla Kumbuka made a bid for freedom by smashing a window of London Zoo enclosure. Yes, Ched Evans has been cleared but no one comes out of this sordid affair with a reputation unsullied, writes BARBARA DAVIES. Unilever row with Tesco reveals long history of Marmite . France pays tribute to Bastille Day lorry attack victims with white roses for the dead. Heartbroken parents learn newborn son has terminal cancer. Father claims his son was EATEN by fellow inmates during a riot at a prison in Venezuela . Sandy Hook parents' lawsuit against Bushmaster AR-15 rifle manufacturers is rejected. Imgur album shows complete strangers wearing matching outfits in public. British Airways passengers forced to make emergency return to Heathrow. Russia's nuclear forces advance while US prepares cyber strike. Russell Crowe mocks Donald Trump while hosting American Cinematheque Awards Gala. Royal Navy to intercept Russian warship fleet heading for English Channel. Bangkok's ladyboys in mourning after death of Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej. Trump's mother was a penniless Scots girl who arrived in America barefoot. Charlotte police shooting victim Keith Lamont Scott finally laid to rest in North Carolina. NBC pulls Law & Order: SVU episode that features a Donald Trump-inspired mogul. Tony Ledbetter arrested after 'cutting off his pregnant ex-girlfriend's NIPPLES. Glasgow mother Farrah Fadli and her two young children disappeared from their home. A woman reveals her hell as she tried to end her disastrous arranged marriage... and her story has inspired thousands. Staffordshire bull terrier which killed baby and mauled his brother. Dutch Transavia airline stewardess kept sex diary of romps with colleagues at work. Kylie Jenner denies getting 'a** and boob implants' and credits 16lb weight gain. Muskegon mother jailed for making up elaborate kidnap and rape story against boyfriend. Keeping Up With The Kardashians resumes filming after Kim was robbed at gunpoint. Greek cop who probed Ben Needham disappearance in Kos says new search 'flawed'. The five crucial things that the most successful people do in the first hour of their day. Lorraine Candy takes phones away from daughters over anxiety and depression. Bank of England boss issues extraordinary warning to Theresa May after her criticism. University of Florida offers counseling for students offended by Halloween costumes. Cakes NOT to serve at your baby shower! Celebratory treats made to look like babies emerging from stomachs and icing sperm sweep the web. Extraordinary video shows mutant lamb with SIX feet and deformed leg in China . Shark diver Ming Chan reveals he used escape hatch when great white broke into his cage. Hungry office workers share photos of their pathetic desk meals including bagged spaghetti and CAT FOOD. Neighbours' Olympia Valance puts on a busty display at Caulfield Cup. Why baddies are always triangular and the good guys round: Mathematician reveals the hidden geometry of hit films. Sydney girl Annabelle Chiarello who was close to death lost 85kg in a year. Adorable Golden Retriever puppy befriends four-day-old baby goat in cute video from Seattle. Job hunters reveal how NOT to answer the interview question 'what's your biggest weakness?' . Glasgow dog scared of his own hair after owner gives him a trim. Black Chicago mom says teacher told her to use less 'stinky' coconut oil on daughter's hair. Horrifying moment an ex-husband kills his former wife by stabbing her 25 times when he ambushed her in the street . Bronx man who took selfie with mother's head is deemed mentally ill by lawyer. Rose McGowan quotes Trump back to him in latest ad encouraging women not to vote for him. Miley Cyrus wears plunging pantsuit while snuggling with Liam Hemsworth as they attend first official event together since rekindling romance. Something else for the Russians to blow up: Putin's secret inflatable army decoys revealed. Brad Pitt 'supervised by therapist as he sees children for first time in 3 weeks'. Obama holds a baby wearing NASA t-shirt at White House Frontiers Conference. Hillary Clinton said 'I don't recall' 21 times out of 25 times regarding e-mail. Ivanka Trump wakes up bright and early to bake a cake for her son Joseph before enjoying a traditional spaghetti lunch-date with the three-year-old . Tim Curry joins his co-stars at the Rocky Horror remake's LA premiere. Ohio serial killer confesses to murdering five women in jailhouse interview. Funny photos make animals look as though they're suffering with hangovers from hell. Wells Fargo CEO to walk away with $134MILLION in wake of bogus accounts scandal . Oklahoma investigators offer reward for video depicting teen torture killing. How many animals can YOU see? Tricky wildlife brainteaser featuring 16 beasts leaves the Internet baffled. Hillary Clinton tells Ellen DeGeneres she was 'stalked' by Donald Trump at debate. Miranda Kerr's security guard stabbed in the eye and another man shot ather Malibu home. Italian town unveils a WINE fountain where visitors can drink for free 24 hours a day. New Jersey black bear who went viral because of badly injured paw is shot dead. Warriena Wright 'feared Gable Tostee and climbed down Gold Coast balcony to escape'. Glasgow mother Farrah Fadli and her two young children disappeared from their home. Baby born with HALF a heart survives surgery at 4 days old goes home at last. Apprentice contestant tearfully claims Donald Trump groped and kissed her against her will at the Beverly Hills Hotel then had her lie in bed while he 'thrust his genitals' at her. Grandfather launches vile racist tirade at two Muslim students for wearing hijabs. Photographer tells how 'distinctive looking' Donald Trump put his hand up her miniskirt and 'touched her vagina' in a crowded Manhattan nightspot in the '90's. Adorable moment Boog the rescued baby bear meets a fawn for the first time. Donald Trump's 'sexist' remarks forced Vendela Kirsebom to switch tables at White House party. The Temple Mount and Western Wall - Judaism's holiest site - are reclassified as exclusively Muslim by the UN in major victory to Palestinian cause. Daters reveal their most traumatising one-night stand stories on Reddit. Twin boys conjoined at the head are finally separate after 20-hour op. Gigi Hadid slammed on Twitter for calling Zayn Malik 'half-Middle Eastern' . Donald Trump called Khloe Kardashian 'ugly' on Celebrity Apprentice claim sources. Ched Evans' fiancee Natasha Massey offered PS50k reward for evidence on Facebook. Moment groom carries his bride down the aisle after she was seriously injured. Thailand's 'womanising king whose third wife sang happy birthday in a G-string'. UK forces in Syria and Iraq have killed 1,700 ISIS fighters in air strikes. Four-stone anorexic ballet dancer who survived on just 140 calories A DAY after she was called 'thunder thighs' finally beats her demons. Emily Ratajkowski shows off her ample cleavage in a semi-sheer kimono. Hull Fair showground families open the doors on their luxury mobile homes. Tiny troopers: Heartwarming photos capture the unbreakable bond between British servicemen and their brave little soldiers . Inside the violent New Zealand gang that's warned ice dealers to clear out of town. Financial trader loses half his body fat in just 12 weeks . Striking portrait of the Queen clad in her garter robes is unveiled to celebrate her six decades as a patron of the Red Cross. Dramatic moment lorry driver rescues bullied schoolboy in West Midlands. Ken Bone accused of selling out for advertising for Uber. Ched Evans is CLEARED of raping a teenage waitress at a retrial. Albino humpback nicknamed Migaloo makes a rare appearance off the coast of Australia . Amber Rose flaunts her buxom bust and killer curves in sheer fishnet turtleneck. New Zealand's Tribal Huk gang in Ngaruawahia give meth dealers 24hrs to leave. Sheriff deputies 'died laughing' when suspected home intruder was a GREAT DANE. BBC Breakfast accidentally shows image of escaped GORILLA instead of Nicola Sturgeon . Kate Middleton and Prince William arrive in Manchester to royal welcome. Tearful Chibok schoolgirls released from their Boko Haram captors. London Zoo's gorilla Kumbuka is pictured eating his lunch one day after he escaped. Taylor Swift on girls' night out with Dakota Johnson and Cara Delevingne in New York. Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej returns to Grand Palace in Buddhist funeral rite. Queensland boy is surprised with the pony he saved up for by selling lemonade cups. Ohio man who posted video telling his son his mom had died wants video to be a 'wake-up'. Hilarious moment a drugged up patient high on anaesthesia PROPOSES to her nurse. Saddam Hussein built torture dungeon and execution chamber in heart of NYC. Think YOU'RE having a bad day? Moment a clumsy shopper was caught on camera as he accidentally smashed FOUR brand new televisions worth more than PS5,000 . Sarah Harding 'returns to pills and drinking' after critics slam her Ghost performance. Rogue One: A Star Wars Story trailer reveals origins of the Death Star. Twitter falls for escaped gorilla Kumbuka as TWO parody accounts are set up. Trump laughs in agreement at 'sexual predator' label on Howard Stern's radio show. Muslim family of award-winning data scientist flees North Carolina for Pakistan. Trump 'made women walk on restaurant table to see whether they were wearing underwear'. Hove man buys himself a WiFi kettle then spends 11 hours trying to make it boil . Parents furious after pupils were left on a coach when Muslim driver stopped  to pray. Flight attendant reveals what cabin crew REALLY think of your in-flight drinking. Reddit users share hilarious contradictory photos. Baby boy dies and another child is seriously injured after they were attacked by a dog . Would you let your friends see you naked? It could be the key to loving your body. New mum posts her beautiful and raw birth video to Facebook. Brussels to demand a massive PS18bn 'divorce' settlement following Brexit. Can YOU spot the ballet dancer in the flamingos. Theresa May tells MPs it is time they listened to the British people about Brexit. Inspiring women who transformed their lives for the sake of their children . Muslim boxer first in NSW to wear hijab in the ring. Bride dies 10 days into her dream Mexican honeymoon from heart attack. Jim Carrey's lawyers 'hire ex LAPD investigators to find dirt on late ex-girlfriend's family'. Two female thugs who robbed a man before ordering him to TWERK are jailed . Labour MP Vicky Foxcroft moves parliament to tears with story of how she lost her daughter. Mark Zuckerberg asks Facebook what voice his 'Iron Man' home AI assistant should have. Crazy moment snake catcher releases hundreds of rat snakes into Indian forest. Brexiteers condemn women leading high court battle over Article 50 vote. Sex offenders will be executed or castrated in Indonesia. Fire Brigade rescues injured seal 'struck by a boat' on the River Thames. Californian diver is trapped inside a cage with a ferocious great white shark. Rare twin boys conjoined at the HEAD undergo incredibly delicate operation. Trump 'made women walk on restaurant table to see whether they were wearing underwear'. Kim Kardashian Paris robbery still has mysterious elements 11 days on. Joanna Krupa in Miami before posting naked video to Instagram. Ex-chauffeur of 'Saudi princess' accused of attacking drinking friend. Irritated judge caught on camera throwing off his robe and tackling an aggressive defendant who was resisting arrest in court. Nancy O'Dell separates from husband of 10 years Keith Zubulevich. One of the woman to accuse Donald Trump speaks to CNN's Anderson Cooper. Selena Gomez in Tennessee near rehab facility where she is dealing with depression. YouTube video shows a child vomit while on a rollercoaster in Texas. Black female doctor told to 'sit down' and passed over for an older white man by Delta air. Janet Jackson officially confirms she is expecting first child at age 50. Gruesome moment ISIS brutes use meat cleavers and hammers to chop off the hands of two 'thieves' in a Syrian town square. Jemima Khan is groped by Donald Trump mannequin at UNICEF Halloween ball. Rich Kids of Instagram join exclusive photo sharing app  at $1k a month. How Bill Clinton's Penthouse Pet lover died in a mysterious house fire that her sister believes was started to cover up her affair with the then Arkansas governor . Two teachers in 'Trojan horse' school are allowed BACK into classrooms. Meet the 'world's only BROWN panda' Qizai as his keeper reveals funny details of the bear's life. PICTURED: Grieving father is comforted after his six-week-old baby girl died when her mom 'accidentally pushed her into an open elevator shaft from the 23rd floor of a Coney Island building'. Playbuzz math question leaves the Internet stumped. The Queen arrives at Brompton Barracks in her Range Rover. Man pulls a GUN on Chicago creepy clown in latest hair-raising sighting. German asylum seeker horrific attacks at refugee centre. Maggie Valley teen Crystal Brooke Howell who killed her father sentenced to 30 years. Donald Trump vows to sue The New York Times over sexual assault claims. Michelle Obama blasts Trump for 'sexually assaulting women'. 'Real life Paddington Bear' who had no fur, claws or teeth after being abused in a circus makes miraculous recovery after being rescued . Donald Trump supporters tweet #repealthe19th on Twitter. PIERS MORGAN thinks Trump has to persuade America's women he's not a sex pest to win. Armed keepers chase Gorilla who has escaped from London Zoo . Everything is bigger in Texas! Largest alligator EVER caught in the Lone Star State is relocated to reptile facility after the 13.5ft reptile got too close to people. My Chemical Romance's Frank Iero taken to hospital after a bus accident in Sydney. Father who claimed he had been left 'disabled for life' after being attacked by a 'killer clown' made it up, say police . Texas bride-to-be who was left mortified by 'embarrassing' proposal photos sheds 110lbs. The six women who have come forward claiming Donald Trump groped them. Zenith Staybrite Ltd investigate salesman who tried to mis-sell retired woman new windows. Lil Wayne was saved by a white cop when he was 12-years-old. Daily workouts, a VERY clean diet, and at least 20 minutes of sun every day: Instagram 'teen idol' Alexis Ren details her formula for achieving social media 'perfection' - and MILLIONS of fans. Heartbreaking moment mother bear leaves cubs to fend for themselves in Siberia. Porn stars enjoying their days off put together in Imgur album. Aeroflot jet is evacuated moments before take-off at Geneva airport after bomb alert. Sam Allardyce meme pokes fun at the Unilever-Tesco stand-off. KATIE HOPKINS says Will Young and other celebs should learn from hard working people. Why at 44 this picture is...maddening proof that Gwynnie's bonkers regime works. Apple Aiprod 'catcher' earring designed using 3D printer. Russian citizens react with fear over reports telling them to fly relatives home. Vigilante peadophile hunters film man who thought he was meeting a 12-year old girl. Blackmailer demands ransom for family's missing pet and sends them picture of a hanged dog . Former Miss Teen USA claims she was warned Trump 'doesn't like black people' in 2010. Bloody scenes as Muslim Shi'ites beat and mutilate themselves to celebrate Ashura. Thailand's King Bhumibol dead aged 88. Professional skateboarder Dylan Rieder dies at the age of 28 after battling leukemia. Bob Dylan wins the Nobel Prize for literature. Priscilla Presley sends Twitter wild with youthful look on Lorraine. British skier who suffered horrific burns after Alpine coach crash awarded over PS1m. South Dakota baby smiles for first time after having her tongue reduced in size. Jessica Ennis-Hill retires from athletics in one of her 'toughest decisions'. LiveLeak footage shows Chinese man accidentally kill his son at a supermarket. ISIS savages stone two 'adulterers' to death in medieval-style execution in Syria. Kim Kardashian returns to social media to delete some of her followers. Rider's risky overtake causes calamitous crash sending cyclists sprawling across the floor on a congested superhighway track in London. Paris streets are closed off due to bomb alert . Will Young's exit from Strictly Come Dancing leaves ALISON BOSHOFF asking if he can find happiness. Will Young's Strictly pay cheque 'is SLASHED from PS25K to just PS5K. French prosecutors examining DNA found at scene of Kim Kardashian's robbery. Taylor Swift hits NYC with Cara Delevingne, Dakota Johnson and Suki Waterhouse. Moment skydivers ride on world's biggest swing suspended between two hot air balloons 6,000ft above the ground. Aleppo bombing leaves more children wounded as Pope Francis begs for ceasefire. Survey found nearly a fifth of parents regret the trendy names they gave their children. Just chilling out! Adorable polar bear cub Nora plays in a kiddie pool filled with ice at Oregon Zoo. Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte's crackdown on drugs endorsed by 84 percent. South Australia's police commissioner says killer clown appearances may increase. The Apprentice sound engineer says Trump 'verbally abused him on set'. Islamist girls' school in Nottingham faces closure after pupil blew the whistle. Tony Toutouni's future wife reveals what his like is really like. Disney fined after Harrison Ford was crushed on Star Wars Millennium Falcon set. Olivia Newton-John opens up about finding love at 59 after ex-boyfriend 'faked own death'. Body-armor wearing bounty hunter shoots two Boston cops with 'tactical shotgun' after a 'domestic dispute' with his male roommate. Health officials warn of 'escalating' problem of women flying to have their child . Kendall Jenner enjoys yet another quiet lunch with Kourtney's ex Scott Disick. Hampshire girl is found guilty of the attempted murder of her best friend. Michael Jackson tops Forbes list of highest-paid dead celebrities with $825 million. Leopards and pumas are BREEDING in the British countryside, expert says, as newly released data shows more than one big cat sighting is reported to police every week. Kim Kardashian calls off Las Vegas gig as she 'undergoes therapy for Paris robbery flashbacks'. San Antonio police face warning for wearing Trump 'Make America Great Again' hats. Leonard Cohen says he's 'ready to die' in candid interview. Hillary Clinton's rap-star supporters with lyrics some say are WORSE than Trump's. 'Do I call the parents or the exorcist?' Babysitting aunt reveals the terrifying moment she spotted her young niece sleeping on her HEAD. Trump's sleazy comment about ten-year-old girl as she visited Trump Tower revealed. Former Apprentice contestant claims married Donald Trump kissed her. Sixth woman claims Donald Trump 'touched her inappropriately'. Clinton and Obama 'accidentally gave guns to ISIS and Al Qaeda' claims arms dealer. Still unsure whether or not you should carry a donor card? Then read this young couple's devastating story. Central London grinds to a halt as thousands of Muslims celebrate holy day. Creepy clown is filmed clinging to the back of a bus in Detroit . Brisbane jogger 'hits man with one-punch attack - and returns to ABUSE him'. Nicole Kidman flashes her endless legs at Lion premiere in London. Prince William shows off makeover while meeting military veterans. Black winner of The Apprentice recounts how Donald Trump called him 'lazy'. Dorset man, 21, charged with murder of partner's toddler who died of blow to abdomen. Dutch government to legalise assisted suicide for those who have 'completed life'. Fury in Germany as Syrian ISIS terrorist hangs himself in his prison cell despite 24/7 observation - taking his secrets to the grave . Georgia cop shares emotional story after pulling over 'terrified' young black man. BMW presents its self-balancing motorcycle of the future. The next big breakfast trend is set to be CHOCOLATE cake, according to US expert. Rod Stewart says his 'friend' Donald Trump 'isn't made to be president'. Former beauty queens as young as 15 recount how Trump would walk in on nude contestants. Moment a hotel manager saves dog whose leash became trapped in elevator. Selena Gomez 'is in rehab in Tennessee' as she deals with  'anxiety  and depression'. Man who claims to be Bill Clinton's secret son shows off his potential grandkids. Ashley Graham has a Bond girl moment as she emerges from the sea in Cancun. Gable Tostee wanted to do 'dirty things' to Warriena Wright during their Tinder texts. Jordanian student pilot crashed plane into high street 'ON PURPOSE. Dubai begins building 'world's tallest' tower. Rotherham prankster dressed as a clown nearly run over by driver he tried to scare. Facebook posts deepen the mystery of missing South Carolina couple. Midsi Sanchez reveals harrowing details of her kidnapping by Curtis Dean Anderson. Prince William shows off makeover while meeting military veterans. Cheryl and Liam Payne seen in newly revealed photo from first date together. Baby boy who was born with full head of hair had his first 'traumatic' hair cut just WEEKS later. Jennifer Connelly is simply stunning in a figure-hugging LBD in LA. 24-year-old Tasmania student buys caravan and transforms it for only $6,000. Chester woman who pretended to be a man to have sex with victim wins appeal. St Dunstan's school apologises after accidentally sending a text containing the C-word . KATIE HOPKINS wasn't offended by Trump's comments. Sydney investor Tony Fleming owns 14 properties after working at Domino's for ten years. London bride-to-be asks for donations to fund cancer treatment instead of wedding gifts. Polyamorous mother plans a three-way wedding after inviting her female lover to share her bed. Islamic festival of Ashura continues as children smear themselves in blood. Armless man in India receives driving licence. Tim Tebow prays over fan who has a seizure during baseball game. Russia orders all officials to fly home any relatives living abroad. Lily Allen apologises after crying during a visit to the Jungle in Calais . Ohio father films moment he tells his son that his mother overdosed on heroin. London tattoo artist risks blindness to get her eyeballs injected with ink. Liverpool children buy box of chip for homeless man while on holiday. Blackburn man is stabbed by 'clown killer' as craze turns serious. Mysterious genetic disease causes sufferers to swell to double their size at random. DAILY MAIL COMMENT: The Bremoaners and their plot to subvert the will of the British people. Hatfield Station passenger has stand-off with a train over ticket prices. Could YOU pass the secretive Oxford entrance exam? University reveals some of its most common questions - and how to answer them. President Hollande has admitted 'France has a problem with Islam'. Jemima Jones breastfeeds daughter while wearing a Gucci dress at her sister's wedding. Bill Clinton's 'love child' Danney Williams discusses his treatment by the Clintons. Views to dine for! From New York's Empire State Building to Rome's Colosseum, the restaurants with the best panoramas revealed. The 10 etiquette rules you should never break when visiting someone's house. Beeston women is fighting for her life after contracting Lyme disease 4 years ago . Grey's Anatomy's Sara Ramirez 'comes out' as bisexual at youth homelessness summit in LA. Otter at Holland's Wildlands Adventure Park pictured 'praying' for fish. Herdfordshire primary school teacher kept gun for her part in Class A drugs gang. Fit Melbourne mum Anna Strode shares clip to prove that even she has post-baby 'flaws'. Aberfan disaster 50 years on sees survivors tell their haunting stories. Heartbroken bride reveals her husband married her before dying of cancer . Judge refuses to ban paedophile from taking photos of children. Jim Carrey demands estranged husband of Cathriona White be sanctioned by the court. 21-year-old Kaitlyn Dobrow who lost limbs to bacterial meningitis becomes Instagram star. Natty Tregoning's parents speak out about Treacher Collins Syndrome. Adelaide man sexually abused his daughter, stepdaughter, family dog and chickens. British man jailed for raping his son from the age of six in Ireland . Miss Philippines Earth 2016 Imelda Bautista Schweighart likens Rodrigo Duterte to Hitler. Shami Chakrabarti fights selective education - then sends son to PS18,000 a year public school. Gable Tostee made phone call to father after Tinder date Warriena Wright fell to her death. Kitten saved from Hurricane Matthew is adopted and wears SWEATER made from a sock. Shailene Woodley protests pipeline, livestreams arrest. Wikileaks emails show Hillary Clinton's staff didn't see Trump as a threat. Korean Burger King worker struggles with burning Samsung Galaxy Note 7. Hillary Clinton campaign had 71 PAGES of 'hits' against Bernie Sanders hacked emails show. Second group of stowaway migrants are found hiding in the back of a freezer lorry on the M25 just three days after 15 people were discovered in a -25C truck at service station . Kidnapped Florida girl Rebecca Lewis to go home after being found in Tennessee. Teen make-up artist-turned-Instagram star is named by Katy Perry as the first ever MALE spokesmodel for CoverGirl . McDonald's says Ronald McDonald is keeping a lower profile with amid wave of creepy clown sightings. Donald Trump unloads on Paul Ryan as split within the GOP boils over. Shocking images show a giant panda at a Chinese zoo foraging through RUBBISH. Mark Zuckerberg reveals his love for hunting animals in Facebook live video. 'I'm a cancer WARRIOR': Woman who underwent double mastectomy goes topless at New York music festival to raise awareness about the disease - and to 'reclaim her sexuality'. Samsung sends out fire resistant 'recovery boxes' for customers to return their Galaxy Note 7 handsets - complete with protective gloves. Distressing viral video thought to show kidnapped girl missing for six years bound and gagged is revealed by cops to be a FAKE produced by an actor, actress and cameraman for entertainment on YouTube. Adorable dogs are adopted together after they can't stop cuddling in shelter  . Gable Tostee and Warriena Wright audio reveals argument before she plunged to death. Spalding teen sweethearts 'stabbed mother and her daughter to death' as they slept. Billy Bush 'getting booted from NBC' because of Donald Trump tape. Ghost hunters capture spooky video of 'chair being pushed down stairs' in Yorkshire house. Father-daughter duo find two carat uncut diamond in Arkansas state park. Kate Middleton makes friends with ROBOT in Rotterdam workshop project visit. Mother, 37, died giving birth to twins 'after a hospital emergency button failed. NetMums users debate penis size in a very frank chat. Heartbeat breakthrough could lead to new cures for congenital disease. 'Get the f*** outta here!' Mysterious armed men in camouflage stop adventure bikers at 'secret back gate' to Area 51 . Texas father tells how he saved his teenage daughter from a sex trafficking ring. 'Bride' who let men grope her breasts is revealed to be Thai transsexual cabaret act. Asos launches Princess Diana-inspired collection . England footballer's son faces expulsion from school for making 'killer clown threats'. Will Young is seen for the first time since QUITTING Strictly Come Dancing. Shocked passengers sit alongside a DEAD BODY after diabetic passenger dies during flight home from holiday in Turkey . Samsung Galaxy Note 7 mocked on Twitter after company axes 'explosive' product. Lingerie experts identify nine different breast shapes. Olympia Valance flashes perky cleavage as she soaks up the Mykonos sun. South African virgin bride attacks husband with a wine bottle during their honeymoon. Hunk brick carrier stuns social media with super-toned body and incredible workout routine. Khloe Kardashian talks about Kim's robbery on The Ellen DeGeneres Show. Muslim father rapes his daughter in Norway as punishment for becoming 'too Westernised'. Kanye West took out line of credit against his New York apartment. Moment young boy is rescued from underneath rubble in Aleppo. 'Killer Clown' armed with a baseball bat gets NUTTED after picking the wrong victim to scare in a multi-storey car park. Benefits Street's Lee Nutley found dead. ISIS migrant who planned German bomb attack is pinned down by fellow Syrians. Wiltshire martial arts teacher reveals the self defence tricks all youngsters should know. Rod Stewart receives Knighthood from Prince William. Indian child has 80 maggots removed from her ear after complaining of itch. 'Is that me cutting myself mum?' A blood-stained Shiite boy clutching a huge knife joins his young friends in a bloody Muslim ceremony marking the sacrifice of the Prophet's grandson . Bill Clinton's bodyguard revealed the former president viewed women purely to be 'chased, dominated, conquered and graded on a scale of one-to-ten'  -  as Hillary slams Trump for doing the SAME THING. Prince William showcases his new look thanks to stylist Natasha Archer. Warriena Wright and Gable Tostee appear in shirtless selfies the night she died. The best Halloween costumes ever. For years sexy underwear's only flattered tiny sizes. Not any more... How big smalls got beautiful . Kylie Jenner confronts Twitter troll after she's called a 'prostitute'. Kate Middleton visits The Hague and Rotterdam for first solo trip without Prince William. Kim Kardashian-inspired 'robbery victim' outfit released by Costumeish for Halloween. Billy Bush posed in front of a van for topless maids and posted video on his Instagram. Massachusetts widower pens heart-wrenching letter to the hospital staff who cared for wife. Couple celebrate 50th anniversary by wearing same outfits they wore on wedding day. Brunel University fresher terrifies students dressed as a clown with a chainsaw. Thandie Newton goes stark naked for her role as robot sex-worker in Westworld. Turkish man commits suicide live on Facebook after girlfriend breaks up with him . Kate Middleton's Kate Spade dress splits Britain as 2 fashion experts give their opinions. Donald Trump insulted Emily West's appearance on The Apprentice. Kenneth Bone says he's waiting until the third presidential debate to choose. Shia LaBeouf marries girlfriend Mia Goth in Las Vegas ceremony with Elvis. 'Who the hell buys a vibrator from Poundland?' Shoppers spot PS1 sex toys on sale. Geri Horner debuts her blooming baby bump as she joins husband Christian. Wheelchair-bound woman is gang-raped by 6 refugees at Swedish asylum centre. GlycanAge test lets YOU find out your body's REAL AGE. A luxury hotel on four wheels! The PS380,000 campervan with underfloor heating, a rain shower and state-of-the-art kitchen that costs twice as much as a home in England . Cairns customer refused to be served by Josie Ajak because of her race. Glass-bottomed pools and a SNOW room: Designers reveal what it's like to build PS100m superyachts for the world's most demanding customers. Is this the worst case of head lice EVER? Mother posts video of hairdresser trying to treat her daughter's disgusting infestation . Have YOU got high blood pressure? Revealed, 7 things you should either eat or avoid to lower it. Seeing the positives: Short-sighted people are brainier than those with 20/20 vision say scientists . Vietnamese man rushed to hospital after 'breaking his penis' trying new sexual position. Venezuela's prisoners STARVE to death in jails amid economic collapse. Jodie Marsh poses NAKED in the gym for saucy Instagram posts. Louisiana politician Mike Yenni admits he shouldn't have sexted 17-year-old boy. Soldier weighing 28 STONES is kicked out of the army. Dog is freed after spending three years trapped inside Siberian cellar. 'I hope you recovered from the death stare I gave you': Woman writes a VERY candid open letter to the man who called her autistic brother a 'retard' on a supermarket visit . Now Philippines president Rodrigo 'The Punisher' Duterte extends smoking ban. New Mexico woman 'watched daughter be raped and killed by boyfriend and cousin'. Cancer survivor, 45, who had her voice box removed claims an Uber driver dragged her out of his car because she 'wasn't talking properly' before charging her PS5 for a cancelled journey. Scots 'have better quality of life than the English': Brussels bureaucrats claim. Gable Tostee faces trial after tourist Warriena Wright fell to her death from Gold Coast apartment. Ben Needham's mother says confirmation he is dead would give 'closure'. Billy Bush cried when a tape of him and Donald Trump surfaced. Trump hoists his mini-me on stage in Pennsylvania as his crowd roars. Drake and Rihanna 'split' as the rapper is linked to another hip hop star's ex. Fellows Auctioneers in Birmingham has rare handbags including Chanel and Louis Vuitton. Kris Jenner breaks silence after daughter Kim Kardashian is robbed in Paris. How Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston 'got rid of' his real life stalker ex-girlfriend. Sickening moment teenage girl trying to take a selfie is SCALPED when her hair gets caught in a ferris wheel . Australian cafe owner and British war correspondent facing life in jail in Bali. Samsung AXES Galaxy Note 7 and offers everyone their money back in $19billion recall. Wikileaks reveals Bill Clinton's closest adviser called Chelsea 'a spoiled brat'. Tories race into a 17-point poll lead over Labour giving Theresa May a big majority. Athletes take issue with Trump over 'locker room talk'. How you need to earn a SIX FIGURE salary to afford rent in five of the largest U.S. cities to be 'comfortable' . Man on Melbourne tram was labelled a 'lowlife creep' but 'is autistic and loves giving strangers high-fives. Trump DARES Clintons and the press to unveil more explicit audio from his past. McDonald's customer pours his drink over woman 'fat shaming' a man waiting to order. Ollie Locke stabs crocodile to death on Bear Gryll's Celebrity Island 2016. New Walking Dead trailer gives tantalising clue about who Negan kills. Bella Hadid's high-cut red dress inspires new craze for crotch-baring dresses. Why DO some farts smell worse than others? A gastroenterologist explains... . Carrie Fisher tells Twitter she thinks Donald Trump was on cocaine during debate. Russia moves nuclear-capable missiles within range of Berlin and Warsaw. Shailene Woodley taken away in handcuffs for protesting Dakota Access pipeline as her arrest is captured during Facebook Live stream. Naked models use body paint to perfectly camouflage against variety of famous landmarks. Toddler died after 'his father force-fed him so much that he drowned in his food'. PIERS MORGAN: The night Bill Clinton and his loose zipper let Trump dodge the bullet. Courtney Stodden declares herself a fan of man during US debate. Mother-of-six has Facebook page DISABLED after breastfeeding pics. Trump 'p****' tape sends him to big deficit against Hillary Clinton in poll. Woman forced into premature labour after being scared out of her wits by clown jumping out in front of her as spate of terrifying figures spreads across Britain and police warn pranksters they'll be arrested. Is X Factor rapper Honey G really David Cameron in disguise?. Blac Chyna strips for cast of her baby bump on Rob & Chyna. Happy hour high! Green marijuana-infused wine on sale in California for up to $400 for half a bottle . Milk bath maternity photo shoots increase in popularity in Australia and the US. Beware of the Pomeranian? Hilarious photos of VERY friendly guard dogs undermining their warning signs sweep the web . Pompeii 3D tour reveals villa a banker lived in 2,000 years ago. Dramatic moment brave passers-by jump into a lake to save a pensioner and his dog from sinking car. Behind the scenes of what it's like at a porn shoot. Boy pleads guilty to murder of Elizabeth Edwards and her daughter Katie. Creepy clown in Texas armed with knife caught on CCTV 'trying to break into house'. Chinese newlywed 'allows guests to molest her during the ceremony. Geri Horner, 44, is expecting her first child with husband Christian, 42 . Heartbreaking pictures show a couple cradling their stillborn daughter who died after a midwife told her mother to go home and take paracetamol despite her excruciating pain. Bride wears her wedding dress when she and her husband go golfing and for pancakes. Donald Trump lurks behind Hillary Clinton during the US presidential debate. Wife's lost and found necklace for husband on his first trip away without her. Brazillian schoolgirls 'dug grave for 14-year-old love rival' during brutal attack . The miracle baby who wouldn't die: Thai boy is stabbed 14 TIMES and left in a shallow grave... but is set for a dream life with adopted Swedish parents . Hillary Clinton scores decisive win against Donald Trump in first snap polls. 'Pregnant' Cheryl covers up out with Liam Payne on date night in London. Hillary Clinton doesn't flinch as a fly LANDS on her face during presidential debate . Kylie Jenner wears just her panties and crop top in Instagram selfie. Kenneth Bone who asked energy policy question at presidential debate steals the show. Wikileaks claims Hillary Clinton revealed secrets of Bin Laden raid in Goldman Sachs speech. Donald Trump calls for war on ISIS and plans to suspend immigration from 'volatile' regions. Kate Middleton, Prince William and Prince Harry mark World Mental Health Day in London. Justin Bieber recorded rocking an hilariously bad disguise in Amsterdam. Mahendra Ahirwar who lived with his head hanging to one side has surgery in India. Donald Trump's wife Melania dons a Gucci 'pussy-bow' blouse for presidential debate night. Kim Kardashian ramps up her security to 'presidential levels'. Daughter livestreams her wasted parents on a 'heroin binge' on Live Leak. Eritrean migrant killed in Calais after being RUN OVER by British motorist. Victoria Beckham and son Brooklyn join forces for UNAIDS charity mission in Kenya. Which Hollywood golden girl's ageing best?. Forget baby showers! Young couples celebrate childless families with 'vasectomy parties' . Kim Kardashian security guard Pascal Duvier works at Kanye West concert. David Beckham enjoys a day of partridge shooting on pal Guy Ritchie's Wiltshire estate. Women reveal the most ludicrous things their pets have eaten. New book reveals the natural way to beat hot flushes and pep up your libido . Images from Royal Photographic Society's International Images for Science competition. Paul McCartney, 74, turns back time and makes it look so easy as he rocks on stage at 'Oldchella' music festival. Trump's closest allies are ready to jump ship to a Pence/Carson ticket. Man gets bitten on his genitals by a TURTLE... and it refuses to let go. An Exmoor pony that was branded and left for dead as a foal has been trained into a world champion. British troops carrying gas masks are sent to Iraq. Cambridge Calre College freshers boycott 'patronising' sexual consent class. Shoppers are warned of a supermarket scam as fake Tesco prize draw text messages promise customers PS500 or an iPhone but actually charge PS4.50 a message . Refugee captured by Syrians in Germany 'is probably linked to ISIS' say police. How top QC 'buried evidence of Met bribes to put innocent man in jail': Whistleblower alerted court that 'organised crime' had infiltrated police... then they said HE had perverted course of justice . 'I fit pipes for a living now': Former England and Chelsea striker Kerry Dixon is working as a plumber after serving time for a brutal pub assault. Creepy clowns terrorise Britain as children are chased and others wield knives. Senior church leaders tell PM to welcome 400 refugee children to UK. Tameka Empson voted off Strictly Come Dancing as judges struggle to choose. Ohio baby born with a head shaped like a pizza slice has life-saving operation. Ryan Lochte gets engaged to Playmate Kayla Rae Reid after nine months of dating. Hyderabad girl, 13, dies after her family allegedly forces her to observe 'chaturmas fast' for 64 DAYS. Shop selling 'child terrorist' Hallowe'en costume remove outfit from shelves. 'I'm passionate about selling this s*** to people who don't need it': Over champagne and lobster at an idyllic ski resort, postal fraud mafia boast how they rip off the elderly - with help from Royal Mail . San Diego priest faces charges for 'having sex with woman he was religiously advising'. Parents divided over list of age appropriate chores. Creepy clown in Parramatta attacked by a man driving past. Extremist jailed for raising PS3,000 for ISIS-linked terror group now works at Sainsbury's. Mike Pence 'waiting for second presidential debate to decide if he'll dump Trump'. Presidential Debate sees Donald Trump attack on Hillary Clinton's emails. Trump caught bragging about looking at naked women backstage at Miss USA. Donald Trump's attack on Clintons for their sexual past at 2nd presidential debate. Today show addresses Billy Bush's indefinite suspension following Trump tape. Donald Trump unveils FOUR Clinton 'sex victims' before the presidential debate. Pictured: Gang member who was 'acting crazy and said he wanted to shoot cops' just before 'he killed two officers - including one just back from maternity leave'. Trump New Zealand tape reveals sexist comments made during 1993 Auckland trip. The Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt says 'far worse' Trump footage exists. Vulnerable elderly woman filmed cowering as she is attacked by carer in Taiwan. French police officers set on FIRE with petrol bombs during a patrol near Paris. ATMs too tall to reach, staircases to nowhere and a VERY inappropriate swimming pool: The worst building fails revealed. Five teenagers killed after man drives wrong way down highway in Vermont. Hurricane Matthew devestation revealed in shocking aerial photos. Will this dirtiest debate ever? Anderson Cooper to open debate with hot mic question as Trump limbers up on Twitter suggesting he will call Bill Clinton a rapist, but flies to St Louis early leaving press pool behind. I'm not a hypocrite, claims Corbyn ally Shami Chakrabarti who opposes grammar schools despite paying for her son to attend a selective school. Smithy's come a long way! James Corden moves into new LA home with infinity pool and chef for PS64k A MONTH. US soldiers who were targeted by would-be Egyptian terrorist in Kuwait save his life by getting him out of a burning vehicle. Just five more minutes! Adorable golden retriever has temper tantrum when his owner attempts to get him to leave the pet store. Perrie Edwards and Luke Pasqualino spotted enjoying steamy smooch. Afghanistan baby gets head sliced open as part of Islamic self-flagellation ceremony. Jon Voight fires back at Robert De Niro for saying he'd 'like to punch Donald Trump'. Girl who was abducted from her bed spotted on footage at Georgia gas station. Celine Dion says she cannot envision another relationship after death Rene Angelil. Afghan tribe so remote they didn't know about the Taliban. Hilarious photo of a sign pointing shoppers to an escalator next to Prada is mocked on Twitter. Gisele Bundchen cheats on non-dairy diet with ice cream...as Tom Brady returns to football field after Deflategate suspension. Henry Cavill gasps for air after gruelling 10k mud run as he's put through his paces by the Royal Marines. ISIS jihadis trained in Iraq and Syria are now at large on Britain's streets. Tic Tac slams Donald Trump's comments about women in ' grab them by the p***y' video. Angelina Jolie moves into Hidden Hills, where she'll count Kim Kardashian as a neighbor. Tina Fey mocks Jimmy Fallon for 'softball' Trump interview during SNL skit. Prince Harry's comrade Sgt Deane Smith waits eight years for medal Army LOST. Pamela Anderson turns into a crusader against porn after Playboy, Baywatch and sex tape. Trump's endorsement from John McCain retracted after video leak. Headbanger rocks out to Slayer's Raining Blood during Hurricane Matthew. Nigel Farage DEFENDS Donald Trump over lewd comments about women. Vehicles are CRUSHED against the roof as a burst water main causes polystyrene insulation beneath a car park to float and raises the floor by four feet. Muslim vlogger gets a 'breathtaking' response pretending to be homeless in London. Hurricane Matthew downgraded to tropical cyclone as death toll climbs to 18. X-Factor's Josh Brooks 'would regularly beat up his twin brother Kyle'. Hook-handed hate cleric Abu Hamza launches legal fight to return from US jail to UK cell. Brave women share harrowing sexual assault stories on Twitter. Defiant Trump admits Republican 'leadership' are turning their backs on him. This is a stick up! Two men hold up a convenience store using a TREE BRANCH as a weapon . Ten reasons to HYGGE the Scandinavian lifestyle trend for 'being cosy and content'. Donald Trump called daughter Ivanka 'a piece of a**' on Howard Stern show. 'No I don't play basketball. The weather is perfect up here': Enterprising 6ft 7in teen gets business cards made up to answer those obvious questions about being tall. Ben Needham police find 60 items 'of interest' in Kos. Simon Cowell blasts Niall Horan's 'lack of loyalty' as singer releases This Town. SNL host Lin-Manuel Miranda performs funny Stranger Things skit. Kate McKinnon's Hillary Clinton celebrates Donald Trump controversy on SNL. Morrisons becomes 'Morons' and Starbucks 'Sucks': The worst neon sign fails revealed. Lindsey Vonn strips naked for photo to promote new book Strong Is The New Beautiful. David Davis blasts France and Germany and slaps down Miliband. Calais jungle could be bulldozed within 9 days as thousands of refugees are sent to new camps. Iceland skies lit up as plane is struck by massive bolt of lightning. The dramatic untold twist of the abdication crisis and how Edward VIII tried to flee the country in his private plane - and sent the Government into a tailspin . Researchers map areas of the world that can sustain an additional 1 billion people as the world's population is expected to grow from 7.4billion to 8.5billion by 2030. Queensland woman loses 42 KILOS after overcoming her hatred of the gym. University considers banning the National Anthem from graduation ceremonies - because of its links to 'increasing far right nationalism'. British soldiers survived Ypres but what happened when they went home?. Meet the woman who has 12 fluffy cats and runs the Instagram page 12 Cats Lady. Haddenham is overrun by neo-Nazi event after farmer believed it was for Help For Heroes. French villagers protest against the arrival of migrants from the Calais Jungle. Laura Dundovic can barely contain her assets in a VERY small bikini in Sydney. More young people say they are bisexual than gay or lesbian according to new figures . European Commission calls Britain racist while the Far Right marches in their backyard. Ruby Rose shares cute throwback photos from her childhood on Instagram. Bo Derek shows off her incredible body as she partakes in a swimming marathon in Greece. Beijing installs 'world largest purifier' as smog season starts in China. Is French hotelier the Duke of Windsor's secret grandson?. Tesco shoppers face PS70 fine for using parent or disabled spaces. Ray Mears slams Bear Grylls' programmes for teaching audiences nothing. Rumors Mike Pence is under GOP pressure to quit as Trump's running mate. Donald Trump called pregnant wife Melania 'a monster' and 'a blimp' in 2005. Colorado man Gavin MacCall builds ninja warrior race course for daughter Lylah in Boulder. How Britain's social prejudices should be celebrated . Newcastle owners celebrate cat's 31st birthday. Rodrigo Duterte compares his crackdown on drugs to 'Hitler's Holocaust'. L'Oreal working on 3D printed hair follicles that grow NEW strands. Emma Roberts makes a statement in purple open knit sweater in Beverly Hills. Dramatic moment a class rises up to defend their elderly teacher from an aggressive student after he had his headphones pulled out. Video shows Labrador scared of stairs cowering on deck in terror. Big Ben, the Statue of Liberty and the Colosseum stand side-by-side at Chinese theme park. VIV GROSKOP: Kim Kardashian's saved us all... from being idiots like her. The essential shopping guide for first-time mothers EVERY parent needs. Red Bull BASE jumper Miles Daisher has his wingsuit catch the plane as he jumps out. Kim Kardashian Paris robbery finds dropped gemstone that may have DNA on. Condoleezza Rice joins list of outraged Republicans calling for Trump to drop out. Kate Middleton lets her stylist Natasha Archer loose on Prince William. Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray barely covers her modesty on Instagram. Cumbria rape victim wiped her own blood on her teen attacker and begged him to stop. Trump's endorsement from John McCain retracted after video leak. Kim Kardashian launches Paris robbery probe calling in ex-special forces. Wine upmanship! Or how the latest status symbol is a PS40,000 wine cellar buried under your sitting room  . Video shows man disguised as security guard propose to his girlfriend in shopping centre. Incredible images of Sydney family and their pet magpie Penguin. Palm Springs police officers killed and another injured attending to 'family disturbance'. Arnold Schwarzenegger will not vote for Donald Trump in 2016 presidential election. Ava Kinsler sees mannequin in M&S that looks and dresses like her. 'Good clowns' in Toronto speak out against the creepy clown trend. Is it too late to dump Trump? Pressure mounts for the Republicans to abandon the Donald after latest deplorable remarks five weeks before the election. Nancy O'Dell says she's 'saddened' by Donald Trump's comments as she breaks her silence on his claims he tried to 'f***' her in his lewd hot mic boast to Billy Bush. Israel tattoo convention sees fans from all over the world come to get inked. The Clooneys add a posh new pad in Manhattan to their PS140m property portfolio. David Bowie's secret art collection is displayed online ahead of auctions at Sotheby's . South Carolina woman is horrified to see person looting her home for Hurricane Matthew. William Hill takes EUR500k bet on Hillary Clinton to win the US Election 2016. Remote Haiti communities affected by Hurricane Matthew attempted to be reached by rescuers. Hilarious photos of exploding lunches and burnt dinners revealed. Each pound of extra belly fat 'increases blood pressure'. Meet the 10 high society singletons perfect for Prince Harry . North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un shows off slimmer figure during factory tour. Berlin's Brandenburg Gates gets a makeover in German capital's Festival of Lights . A home fit for a Prince! Fans descend on late singer's famed Paisley Park as his secretive studio complex opens to the public as a museum. FBI 'will not prosecute Brad Pitt over alleged altercation with son Maddox'. Albania hosts its 2nd royal wedding King Leka II marries longtime fiancee Elia Zaharia. EU migrants living in Britain 'will be allowed to stay after Home Office revelation'. Australian man Robert Ellis wrote defending sexual abuse of girls in Bali. Birmignham teen killed in hit-and-run was forced into car earlier say police. Trump attempts to cast hot mic issue aside with a joke on Twitter. Hurricane Matthew floods Charleston as it continues to batter Carolinas and Georgia. Ukip MEP Steven Woolfe's was punched according to medical assessment. American Airlines won't refund family's flight tickets after son is diagnosed with cancer. Britain's most prolific surrogate mother prepares for her 16th child. How foundation, bronzer and eyeshadow could be adding years to your face. Robert De Niro slams Trump in 'non-partisan' political testimony video. Women hit out at 'sugar-coated' Breast Cancer Awareness month. Billy Bush seen for first time since Trump's leaked audio from 2005 was released. Brooklyn teen Daniel Lomtevas jumps to his death on George Washington Bridge. LA's Skid Row revealed in striking photographs by Suzanne Stein. Beyonce gets flirty with husband Jay Z on stage as she dazzles at memorable final tour performance. Kim Kardashian's flamboyance made Paris robbery inevitable writes JAN MOIR. Detectives tipped off about THIRD possible site where Ben Needham could be buried. Isle of Wight brickie on benefits conned his way from a derelict cottage to a stately home. What The Apprentice according to Selina Waterman-Smith. 'Clown Purge' craze intensifies as Australian vigilantes lash out at pranksters. Rolling Stones, Paul McCartney and Bob Dylan to perform together in California. The stepmother branded 'nasty, selfish and greedy' bites back. Kylie Jenner sizzles in metallic mini dress and thigh high boots in Calabasas. German police use stun grenades as they storm flat and make new arrest in hunt for Syrian refugee suspected of plotting airport terror attack. Detectives tipped off about THIRD possible site where Ben Needham could be buried. 6 women arrested after shooting in Hornsey that leaves man fighting for his life. Kanye West takes to the stage for the first time since Kim Kardashian's Paris robbery. Trump recorded in lewd hot mic chat with Billy Bush in 2005. Florida stork finds refuge from Hurricane Matthew in zoo's bathroom. Wikileaks release transcripts of Hillary Clinton's closed-doors Wall Street speeches. Bill Clinton's former mistress Gennifer Flowers: 'We'd be together today if it wasn't for Chelsea'. Muslim leader Kamran Malik LOSES battle for PS10million in damages from Donald Trump. DJ Chris Denning jailed for 13 years for child sex offences. Julian Assange warns WikiLeaks will make 'significant disclosures' on Google. Emmerdale's Leah Bracknell hits PS50k target for cancer treatment after fan's donations. Team GB Olympic gymnast Louis Smith films himself on video 'mocking Islam'. The body cannot naturally pass beyond a certain life expectancy. The sky's the limit! Incredible photographs show thousands competing to build the tallest human tower in Spain. Adorable moment sugar glider does a giant leap and lands perfectly on woman's hand. Awkward Family Photos unveil a new book of childhood snaps gone VERY wrong. Billy Bush is an 'entitled jock' who polarized opinion in the studio, says NBC source. Francois Hollande warns Britain 'must be made to pay' for leaving the EU. REVEALED: The most and least affordable places in the UK to buy a home - as average house price comes to more than six times earnings. Angela Merkel will ban EU migrants from claiming unemployment benefits for 5 years. Trump apologizes for sexist video released with Billy Bush. Expert reveals what you should do in Zombie apocalypse. Trump urged to drop out over 'reprehensible comments'. Maryland school teacher used her students in 'degrading joke' photos on Instagram account. Woman who lost 20 STONE asks strangers to help pay for excess skin removal surgery. Mother who 'wanted to live on water and sunlight' is charged after her 'starved infant son is left with developmental problems because she only fed him berries and nuts'. Plane aborts landing in Prague and narrowly avoids crashing as wheels graze the runway. 10 warning signs he's not in it for the long-run. Strange video shows chimps can anticipate human behaviour. What's next for Kim Kardashian after Paris robbery. Adorable dog protects baby from scary noise. Government says fracking CAN go ahead in Lancashire. Fox Sports' Joe Buck reveals addiction to HAIR PLUGS nearly cost him his voice. Terrifying videos show Hurricane Matthews waves crashing into Palm Coast home's patio. Nancy O'Dell is the married woman mentioned by Donald Trump on tape. Charleston wakes up under water: Deadly Hurricane Matthew brings more misery after it batters South Carolina and Georgia through the night, kills six in Florida and leaves 1.4 million without power. Newcastle woman films Morris the Magpie stalking and attacking her every day. Kim Kardashian's break from public life 'will cost her $11m'. Beloved choir director is given a heartfelt sendoff as her students sang to her minutes before she died. JonBenet Ramsay's brother sues the pathologist who accused him of killing his sister on TV . iBand+ claims to be able to control your DREAMS to 'fulfill any fantasy'. Jimmy Stewart suffered such extreme PTSD after he lost 130 of his men as a fighter pilot. Lotto millionaire splits from boyfriend after giving him rules for his Ibiza holiday. 'Body positive' model says she loves being 28 stone despite doctors warning she will die. Philip Hammond says UK might have to compromise on migration for access to single market. New York parents speak out about their daughter who was murdered on Spring Break. 'Clown Purge' craze escalates with sinister sighting across Australia. Tech billionaires say we may be living in the MATRIX. Nazi treasure left by Hitler's German forces as they fled Czech town soon to be discovered. Student launches business selling reusable sanitary towels with her boyfriend. Trump recorded in lewd hot mic chat with Billy Bush in 2005. Heartbreaking video game designed by a father to re-enact short life of Joel, his five-year-old son who died of brain cancer comes to iPhone. US officially accuses Russia of hacking attempts on political groups. Doncaster man shook his partner's baby to death shortly after finding out it was not his. Hilarious photos of dogs with strangely human arches. California woman sues gynecologist for leaving 2-inch metal tool in her body for 11 weeks. Amazon under fire for selling 'sexy Saudi burka' costume. Stunning Draconid meteor shower will light up the skies tonight and tomorrow. Florida stork finds refuge from Hurricane Matthew in zoo's bathroom. Tony Blair appears on the cover of Esquire magazine as he hints at comeback. Salfrod dermatologist reveals 'danger zone' where any infection can spread to the brain. Teen serenaded by Florence & The Machine dies of cancer months after their duet. McDonald's advises diners to dunk their fries in MILKSHAKE on its Facebook page. Hurricane Matthew death toll in Haiti nears 900. New Trans-Siberian rail link would mean passengers could travel from London to Tokyo. Hurricane Matthew may have flock of migrating birds in it's eye which can't escape. Ohio dad of triplets comes up with 'genius' hack to stop backseat infighting. Nigeria's voodoo priests make women tricked into sex work eat snakes to stop them escaping. Durham mugger takes on 85 year old man only to realise he was a former boxer. Disney World closes down for only the 4th time as Hurricane Matthew makes landfall. 14 adults and a child found in lorry at Clacket Lane services on M25. Kim Kardashian jewel heist night porter breaks silence over Paris raid. North Stradbroke Island stranded humpback whale nudged to safety by her calf. Kim Kardashian's bodyguard's ex-wife claimed he hit her so hard she passed out. Brad Pitt sees his children for first time since split from Angelina Jolie. Ryanair brawl on flight from Edinburgh to Alicante over MAN BUN saw child hit with bottle. 'He set me on fire. He needs to go to jail': Juvenile is charged with arson for 'deliberately setting on fire disabled boy, 10, who still managed to identify his attacker before slipping into coma'. 'Prison is too good for child rapists': Petition to White House asks for hanging death of man charged in brutal rape and murder of his girlfriend's ten-month-old daughter in horror basement attack. Thailand dog owner discovers her pet being eaten by a python and is unable to save it . Hurricane Matthew could hit Florida TWICE, experts warn. Dundee man is caught on camera defecating on a grave's headstone. Clown sightings that have terrified the US reaches the UK. Kim Kardashian jewellery robbers were all white, middle-aged men, French police reveal. MH370 search deems wing found in Mauritius is from Malaysia Airlines jet. Quiz that aims to test how 'obsessed' you are at spelling is leaving players stumped. Landlords offering free rent to 'pretty women' on Craigslist in return for sexual favours. Hurricane Matthew also sweeps past heads Cape Canaveral and Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort. Christian brother is forced to listen to sister being gang-raped after being kidnapped by Pakistani Muslim gang. Hayling Island boy finds message in a bottle from two drugged-up men on cocaine. Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado says she's done talking about Trump. Advanced Style by Ari Seth Cohen shows senior Instagram street style stars. Huge PS136million EuroMillions jackpot is up for grabs . Creepy clown gets beat up with a baseball bat in US video. Kylie Jenner shows off new hair colour as she goes bra-less for lunch with Tyga. Plastic surgeon Dr. Siamak Agha performs liposuction 'butt lifts'. Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos wins the Nobel Peace Prize. Inside 'the most haunted city in America': Take a tour of Savannah's spooky Historic District... in the back of a hearse. Sarah Dransfield has leg AMPUTATED after leg sprain turned out to be bone cancer. Private school paupers: The hard-up parents selling off jewellery, trading cars and downsizing their houses to pay for private education. There is a formula to finding heels that won't cripple you - and it's remarkably simple . Wedding snaps that WON'T make the album!  Hilarious moments that brides wish could be forgotten go viral. Ched Evans and his fiancee arrive at court for third day of his rape retrial. Hilarious video shows Australian man's VERY wimpy attempt to kill a spider with bug spray. Samsung Galaxy Note 7 burst into flames after pressure is applied to its battery. Tamara DiMattina buys everything second hand and says you should do it too. Kona the dog tries to stop his owner's car being stolen by jumping onto the thief. Florida residents ignore the millions who evacuated Hurricane Matthew to SURF and PARTY. Hurricane Matthew causes more chaos across the Bahamas. Creepy CLOWNS terrorise people in Victoria and across Australia as police issue warnings. 'Everyone you know is dead... your kids die too': Fox News host Shep Smith under fire for VERY ominous broadcasts as Hurricane Matthew hits Florida. Khloe Kardashian and Kendall and Kylie Jenner cancel book signings. Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton cosy relationship detailed in new book by James Patterson. Baby boy Eden Robinson' died of extensive brain damage after being 'shaken by father'. Chinese men stab a bull in the brain in shocking animal cruelty video. Man attempts to climb Europe's highest mountain Mount Elbrus with his pet CAT Graf. Kmart breaks the mould as they feature a little girl with Down Syndrome in new TV ad. Kim Kardashian tells all about the $4m diamond ring stolen in Paris robbery. Justice Department drops case against Marc Turi who 'sold weapons to Libyan rebels'. Florida man takes son surfing hours after governor's warning about Hurricane Matthew. Hillary Clinton was told in advance what questions she'd be asked by Steve Harvey. Derrick Rose fights against rape allegation in civil lawsuit. Meet Sean Penn's girlfriend Leila George, daughter of Greta Scacchi. Angela Merkel says UK CANNOT access the EU market if it limits immigration. Kim Kardashian lands back in LA with her kids and mother Kris Jenner. Connecticut cop caught stomping on handcuffed suspect's head in dashcam video. Artisan DIY KitKats arrive at London pop-up KitKat Chocolatory. Hurricane Matthew hits Florida leaving 340,000 without power on first impact. Stripper Zola who shared tale on Twitter quit Hooters and is now married with a baby . Woman has hairball the size of a MELON removed from her stomach. Labour councillor's demanding Plenty of Fish dating profile goes viral . 'I just want a Slurpee': 7-Eleven owner's epic MELTDOWN at teen customer he accuses of overfilling his iced treat and making a mess. Minnesota mall attacker Dahir Ahmed Adan newly interested in Islam. KATIE HOPKINS: Sally Phillips is a brave mother but mums don't want a Downs child. First for the Army as soldier weds his groom on base in Cyprus. Miranda Kerr stuns in a plunging top as she jets out of Paris. 1961 photo of man who looks like Matt Damon sends the internet into a spin. Kim Kardashian heading back to LA after robbery as KUWTK filming is 'on hold' . Norway announces it will ban Islamic veil from schools and universities . Nicole strengthens into hurricane south of Bermuda. Interactive map reveals free airline Wi-Fi passwords around the world. Sean Penn's much younger lover revealed... and her TV star dad is just a year older than her new beau. Tinder man who landed date with woman by using chat-up lines shares conversation online,. Now you can buy a CANDLE that smells like a freshly unboxed Apple computer. Aerial footage shows Haiti villages leveled by Hurricane Matthew as death toll climbs. Caernarfon boy films creepy clown lurking near children's playground in the night  . Size 10 woman 'was turned away from Libertine London because she was too FAT'. How 62 ISIS attackers and 'plotters' in just a year - more than half of them immigrants. Glasgow women filmed fighting over an open window on a bus are shamed by teenager. Devotees pierce their cheeks with swords and rifles in Taoist festival. Sir cliff richard sues bbc and police over apartment raid coverage. Kim Kardashian's friends bring candy to her New York residence. YouTube prankster's trick on girlfriend backfires as she attacks him with a BELT. Mother who suffered SIX miscarriages pays tribute to each of her lost babies in shoot. German man was so DRUNK he cannot remember if his girlfriend agreed to marry him. Kim Kardashian and Kanye West emerge from New York apartment with North and Saint. Lexington nanny charged after caught on camera sitting on a 4-year-old Down syndrome boy. Mange-covered puppy Bella is rescued from vacant Texas home. Syrian baby girl pulled ALIVE from the rubble is reunited with Abu Kifah. California woman arrested for 'hitting cyclist while drunk' in Costa Mesa. Baltimore nighttime photographer Patrick Joust captures rarely seen side of the city. Chuck Yeager blasts 'nasty, arrogant' Brits after being asked why he doesn't like them. Women who took up running ended up piling on the pounds instead of losing weight. Inside the Dreamliner that's been converted into a private jet with bedrooms, walk-in wardrobes and a CINEMA. Would you dare track down and confront a thief who stole your phone?. Ivanka Trump Chinese shoe factory is now moving to Africa. Usain Bolt leaves Chelsea nightclub with a mystery woman. Scorned Michigan woman shames ex by posting his booty text exchanges on Twitter. McMansions and the many terrible design features some hate about them . Italian mafia boss known as 'Mamma' is found hiding in a secret bunker behind his WARDROBE after being on the run from police for five years. Paris concierge claims thieves tricked their way in to Kim Kardashian's apartment. Britney Spears' 'London crush' is revealed to be Phil Lupton. Fulham pensioner's neighbour spends 60hrs cleaning her flat after 13 YEARS without washing. Steven Woolfe smiles from hospital bed after 'being punched' by Mike Hookem. Carl Gregory is beaten to death in car park 'in fight over Pokemon Go' . Kim Kardashian 'vows to stop flaunting her wealth on social media'. Optical illusion park bench snap leaves the internet baffled. Mother says she and her disabled daughter were bullied at Donald Trump rally. Four thrown off Thomas Cook flight in Turkey 'for playing song about bombs'. CCTV video outside Kim Kardashian's Paris hotel shows blacked-out limo on night of robbery. Are YOU brave enough to rock glitter nipples?. US Army bosses reveal what could happen if the US took on Russia or China. Ebola nurse Pauline Cafferkey rushed BACK to hospital in Glasgow under police escort. Pensioners' sex slang knowledge is put to the test. Wrexham student teacher undergoes surgery to remove sex toy from her BOTTOM. Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard are magnetic on screen in new Allied trailer. Photograph shows a wealthy Indonesian family force their maid to sit and watch them eat. Bet they didn't get a tip! The rudest messages left behind by fed-up waiters and customers - including racy doodles and VERY blunt insults. Puppy love! Watch Simba the Siberian husky howl 'I love you' back to his delighted owner. Rihanna rocks new dreadlocks and off-the-shoulder sweater in New York. Kate Spade's handbag sparks colour debate. Video shows Texas father screaming when cop pepper sprays him before dying in cell. Olympia Valance showcases figure in sexy bikini during Mykonos break. Brain tumour patient takes up drawing despite going blind. Kristen Stewart 'has been going on romantic dates with Cara Delevingne's ex St Vincent'. Oregon man found dead alongside to young children in 'murder-suicide'. Paedophile caught with 137,000 child porn pictures spared jail to start a family. Kylie Minogue and fiance Joshua Sasse WON'T marry until same-sex marriage is legal. Here's the proof you don't have to cut your hair after 45! . New Trans-Siberian rail link would mean passengers could travel from London to Tokyo. . Dozens of families are being turfed out of their homes - so they can be used as temporary accommodation for HOMELESS people. 'Time is up': Killer Matthew to hit Florida with 145mph in hours. Bored IT worker hacks into a giant electronic billboard and streams Japanese PORN during afternoon rush-hour traffic. A fairytale romance! Lesbian couple get dressed up as their favorite Disney princesses to pose in a truly magical engagement shoot. Trump is seen in MORE Playboy videos taking Polaroids of models. Norway's Prime Minister is caught playing Pokemon Go during debate in Parliament. Tory delegates moved to tears as mother tells conference of son who died of sepsis aged 1. How Bill Clinton plotted to 'bushwhack' attorney general Loretta Lynch at airport. 'We've never seen anything like this': Mother's boyfriend, 32, is arrested for raping ten-month-old girl to death in horror basement attack that has left local police in shock. After mass protests, Poland won't back total abortion ban. Melbourne gelato bar is serving Nutella ON TAP and the internet can't handle it. Kim Kardashian's ex-bodyguard she will NEVER shy away from flaunting her wealth. Young special needs boy fighting for life after being 'set on fire by bullies'. LA cop Steven Owen 'dies after being shot while responding to burglary'. Opera is cancelled at Bristol University after claims of 'cultural appropriation'. Man sentenced to life in prison after shooting dead Kansas bride on her wedding day. Dad dresses as King Triton as daughter dresses as The Little Mermaid at Disneyland . Diane McIver accidentally shot dead by husband as they drove home in Atlanta. Douglas Shallcross, WWII veteran's funeral is inundated with 100s after online appeal. Russia warns that nuclear war could be imminent as it evacuates 40M people in drill. Fears of 'the big one' rise as researchers find a SECOND fault line next to San Andreas. Lindsay Lohan gets her severed ring finger stitched up as she rushes back to charity work. Britain's new PS31billion Trident submarines will be built with steel coming from FRANCE . Kate Middleton doesn't want to want to be considered suburban says etiquette expert. Residential area is obliterated by Russian bombs in Aleppos Syria. Ched Evans arrives at court for the second day of his rape retrial. Former Marine receives double arm transplant after losing limbs in Afghanistan. Milwaukee police dashcam shows pitbulls mauling 2 teenage girls before being shot dead. Hilarious photos show men admit their worst ever dad fails. Kim Kardashian is 'blaming herself' for armed robbery and regrets flaunting her ring. Horrific moment a Lithuanian lorry driver smashes into car sending a motorist flying. Indian budget airline BANS children under the age of 12 from certain areas of the plane. Facebook Live video shows couple overdosing on heroin . Rejiya Mukith falsely claimed PS35,000 in benefits to buy a second home. Obese student Emma Pope now rejects the men who once bullied her. Yahoo secretly scanned customer emails for US intelligence-sources. Bigfoot allegedly spotted on baby eagles nest live cam in Beulah, Michigan. Kim Kardashian's personal bodyguard Pascal Duvier filed for company BANKRUPTCY. Charlene Colechin shares pictures showing how meningitis ravaged her body. Indian teenager with 7 inch TAIL finally has growth removed. The house that smelled like death: Pictures of house tenants used as toilet. MailOnline readers share photos of their VERY hirsute babies. Superhero funeral to honor 6-year-old fatally shot at school. 'Everybody knows Kim Kardashian is an easy target': Former pink panther blames star for her OWN robbery. A cut above the rest! Watch the priceless reaction of man with Down's syndrome when he's awarded 'employee of the month' at hair salon. PIERS MORGAN: That robbery was a wake-up call to Kim Kardashian. Decomposed remains of dead greyhounds found at RAF base in Lincolnshire. Norfolk woman has spent PS27,000 on surgery to become 'perfect'. ISIS declare fatwa on cat breeding and begin hunt for kittens. Mother's letter to the bullies who drove her son Felix Alexander to kill himself. Oklahoma student gains viral fame after using a SHOELACE in place of a choker. Dress showing planes flying into Twin Towers on 9/11 found on sale at a London market. French police chief blames Kim Kardashian for flaunting her jewellery on social media. Brussels Nord Train Station evacuated and searched for bombs after stabbing incident. Father claims he was charged $39.35 to hold son in the operating room after he was born. UK man stumbles across gruesome remains that look like a 'dead mermaid' on deserted beach. Migrants found dead in ship from Libya to Italy in latest Mediterranean horror. Kim Kardashian thieves will struggle to sell their loot as her jewellery is too famous. Skull-shaped Matthew kills 11 in the Caribbean and bears down on the East Coast. Basingstoke girl died 'after swallowing spare battery from television's 3D glasses'. LAPD releases surveillance video showing black teen holding a gun before he was shot. Florida woman gets brutally beaten after throwing a punch at neighbor. Tyson Fury admits to taking 'lots of cocaine' but insists he's never used performance enhancing drugs. Special ed teacher touches the hearts of thousands after giving each of her students a role in her wedding. Kim Kardashian 'asked concierge at her Paris apartment "Are we gonna die?"'. Syrian girl  Eman who picked up bomb in Aleppo has now died from her injuries . Paddington rail crash survivor reveals how she overcame her injuries. Chrissy Teigen suddenly switches Twitter account private. Fed-up parents share the RIDICULOUS reasons for their toddlers' tantrums . Chicago newborn baby is found abandoned with her umbilical cord still attached in a field. Ladbrokes slash odds on third royal baby after Canada tour. Glamorous fake Instagram account of Louise Delange tricked 50k people. Kanye West had 'nervous breakdown' and 'FIRED 30 STAFFERS' following NY Fashion Week. One of the world's largest sailing superyachts Sailing Yacht A is taken for test run in Germany. Kourtney Kardashian flaunts busty assets in sizzling Cosmopolitan magazine photoshoot. Fiendish dot test that conceals objects inside coloured circles leaves the web stumped. Symbio Wildlife Park koala and butterfly strike up an unlikely friendship. As a Dynasty reboot is announced, what have the original cast been up to?. Video shows 'drunk city boy' try to leap over unlocked gate in Canary Wharf. The 'real-life Shameless family' who filled their West Lancashire house with rubbish. The 7 mystery gut problems your doctor may not spot. Baby will never see his mother's face after being born without eyes due to anophthalmia. Student nurse 'on the brink of giving up' reveals what her job is really like. Britain's best fish and chip restaurants revealed. The women who fell prey to online conmen targeting ladies looking for love . UK shopper's stunned as chicken leaps from his car boot.. Theresa May uses keynote speech at Tory conference to reach out to blue-collar workers. GOP website accidentally declares Mike Pence as winner of vice presidential debate. Fulston Manor School bans water bottles over new 'flipping' social media craze. New breast cancer bra worn during radiotherapy 'improves accuracy'. Kim Kardashian's ex-bodyguard who was fired by Kanye West says robbery was inside job. Vice Presidential debate sees Tim Kaine go all out attack on Trump. Cheltenham mother pays tribute to her son who died after he was stabbed in the stomach. Kylie Jenner returns to Instagram with sexy bathing suit flashback. Brighton teen who finished school with 100% attendance record is awarded a pen. SPCA Singapore rescues kitten trapped on 12th-storey ledge. Carnival Spirit cruise ship forced to rescue superyacht off coast of Port Macquarie. Missouri officers 'arrest' 102-year-old Edie Simms as they help her fulfill a wish. Bill Cllinton ducks question about wife Hillary's alleged cheating. UCL undergraduate's broadside against the PC takeover of universities. MICHAEL JACKSON'S bodyguard says Kim Kardashian's security looked 'fishy'. Bill Clinton attacks Obamacare and claims it is killing small business people. Two-headed baby boy born in India but dies 32 hours later after parents took him home. Pennsylvania parents are found dead from 'overdose' in McKeesport home. ISIS fighters release horrific mass execution video of militants beheading Syrian rebels. $6.9 million Malibu mansion owned by Denise Richards now being rented by Angelina Jolie. Giant Asian hornets nest takes over tree in Tetbury. Mother who struggled with an eating disorder shows off her remarkable transformation. Body Fixers help young woman who has problem with body and facial hair growth. Mother-of-two died just moments after she took smiling selfie in London. Terminal cancer patient dies aged 91 after she refused chemotherapy and traveled the world. The baby with a bouffant: Junior has a huge head of hair and he's only nine weeks old. Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban gives update to star after heist in Paris. Diane James quits as Ukip leader just 18 days after succeeding Nigel Farage . Bronze statue honors famed Istanbul cat Tombili. Barbara McClatchie Andrews 'robbed and strangled to death by bus driver in Mexico'. Russian-backed Syrian forces advance against rebels in Aleppo. The white ghettos that blight South Africa. Sydney imam attacked with a shoe live on an Egyptian talk show. Rhea the Naked Bird gains Instagram following after losing her feathers due to a virus. 'Vain girl' who suffered third-degree burns to 85% of her body in a caravan inferno says she's GLAD it happened as it's 'made her a better person' . WikiLeaks' Julian Assange promises to release leaked documents before US election. Karamoko Dembele makes Celtic Under 20s debut aged just 13. Lagerfeld chastises Kim Kardashian for flaunting her diamonds. Images of Ormskirk, West Lancashire home where tenant used his bath as a TOILET. Acute flaccid myelitis increase as CDC reports 50 cases from January to August 2016. Kim Kardashian's robbery covered by just 1 French newspaper. South African man kidnapped and sexually assaulted a 6-year-old girl in Auckland park. YouTube blogger shows how to give yourself an instant boob job using make-up . Kim Kardashian Paris heist robbers were not caught on CCTV. Photo shows starving boy in Yemen where nurses can't cope with swathes of children. Video shows Thai 'woman's soul leaving her body at scene of fatal motorbike accident' . Two houses are demolished in New Jersey home explosion  . Ben Stiller reveals he was diagnosed with prostate cancer. Kim Kardashian's robbery investigators being probe into incident. Kim Kardashian 'was tailed by two men days before robbery'. Man admits 'honour killing' because his sibling, 18, married a Christian man. Kim Kardashian's friend who hid in toilet during Paris heist is a stylist to the stars. Cheryl displays her love for Liam Payne with his face as her iPhone lock screen. Hurricane Matthew drenches Haiti and could hit Florida on Wednesday. Brazilian man injected himself with oil to become a beefcake with 23 inch biceps . Mugshot of Antonia Lopez who 'gave birth in secret then threw baby from her window'. KATIE HOPKINS on the day Theresa May put the Great back in a free Britain. Male models pose NAKED in the 'first ever' nude calendar for red-haired men . Which fast food chain has the most calories. Kanye West is reeling after Kim Kardashian was bound and held at gunpoint in Paris. Major brawl erupts between adults at a child's birthday party at Chuck E. Cheese's. Kim Kardashian 'does not blame' her bodyguard Pascal Duvier for her robbery ordeal. Harry Potter collector's accused murderer 'had Kate Moss kidnap plans'. Kanye West postpones Saint Pablo tourafter Kim Kardashian's gunpoint robbery in Paris. Facebook brainteaser puts your puzzle-solving skills to the test. Jonathan Cheban and LaLa Anthony rush to Kim Kardashian's side in NYC. Ben Needham police search team demolish Greek farmhouse. The questions Europeans ask Google about the UK revealed. Tara Palmer Tomkinson debuts DRAMATIC new look as she sports copper bob. Cheryl returns to London after revealing new curves at L'Oreal Paris party. Prince Charles makes visit to Princess Alice of Greece's grave in Jerusalem. Hilarious moment panda falls out of a tree sparking a furious brawl with its friends. NRA mocks Kim Kardashian for her support of gun control after her French armed burglary. Instagram account shows newborn looking shocked, confused and devious. Is this the fittest couple EVER? Ripped man and his very acrobatic girlfriend viewed 25 MILLION times. Gulnara Karimova is 'locked up in mental institute by Uzbek president Shavkat Mirziyoev. Hilarious photos of VERY unappetising-looking Slimming World meals will have you reaching for junk food. Horrific moment race marshal is killed when rally driver loses control of his car and smashes into control tower. How to dress like Kate Middleton at the fraction of a price. New Jersey bride is thrown into the water from her 'unicorn' in bizarre wedding photoshoot. Is it the Silver Surfer? Drivers stunned as they spot 'UFO' that looks like comic book superhero . The stunning 'Stairway to Heaven' video of a luxury Swiss hotel's infinity pool that's made a HUGE splash on the internet... with more than 1.2m hits. Joggers film creepy moment a clown 'armed with a knife' chases them in Ohio amid spate of spooky sightings across the state. Welsh woman insists that she used mind power to drop five dress sizes. NASA live stream shows mysterious glowing orb near International Space Station. Meat pies laced with rat poison thrown into backyards in Queensland to stop dogs from barking. Bradford great-grandfather dies at the age of 110. Kim Kardashian's bodyguard Pascal Duvier vows to track down Paris armed attackers. Univeristy of Montreal experts reveal the challenges of becoming intimate in microgravity. Queensland fitness models share progress photos taken just THREE SECONDS apart. Some 250,000 new homes will be built on abandoned shopping centres and other brownfield sites under PS5bn plan unveiled by Sajid Javid . As the NHS insists that we should all take the 'sunshine supplement' to beat bone disease, depression and even cancer... can you guess who's vitamin deficient?. The ultimate paw-traits! Hilarious hounds are captured looking their absolute happiest in pictures that are bound to put a smile on YOUR face . Police searching for an RAF man seize a bin lorry. Kim Kardashian's robbery being seen as PR stunt is unsurprising writes ALISON BOSHOFF. Wodonga man left 'without sexual function of his penis after bungled catheter insertion'. Kim Kardashian feared she was going to be raped during Paris robbery. Hostile Ryder Cup leads to Rory McIlroy having an American fan thrown out. Deaths of four students from Long Island high school has sparked fears of gang violence. 'Miss Piggy' cashes in: Beauty pageant winner Alicia Machado attends LA gala. Angola Airlines passenger plane forced to divert after 'crew were informed ground worker had gone missing'. Harper Beckham joins dad David at London skatepark to watch her brothers play. Was the PS8.5m Kim Kardashian heist an inside job?. Teacher's aide fired after calling Michelle Obama a 'poor gorilla' and a 'disgrace to America'. 'So you don't think I'm good enough unretouched?' Plus-size model Iskra Lawrence reveals how a photographer admitted he was 'not comfortable' releasing un-edited images of her. Kourtney Kardashian arrives in LA with security after Kim was held at gunpoint in Paris. Sofia Richie leaves little to the imagination as she goes bra-less in see-through top. Newborn baby with a plastic bag over its head is found ALIVE in a cesspit. Kim Kardashian's ex-bodyguard warns it's time for star to withdraw from social media. Justin Ross Harris left son Cooper in his boiling hot SUV by accident. Man wants to track down a couple after accidentally capturing wedding shoot with drone . Mother shaves her daughter's head as punishment for 'bullying cancer patient'. Women across Poland prepare to go on strike in their working and domestic lives including stopping cooking, cleaning and having SEX in protest against proposed new abortion laws . Blac Chyna cuddles up to Rob Kardashian at lavish baby shower. Paedophile who sexually assaulted a 10-year-old girl is jailed 8 years after victim killed herself. Kris Jenner flanked by security after Kim Kardashian was held at gunpoint in Paris . WikiLeaks' Julian Assange 'due to release damaging information about Hillary Clinton'. Photos capture tourists' expressions of terror inside Nightmares Fear Factory, Ontario. Prince Harry celebrates the courage of seriously ill children. Obese mother Shanna Kangas hits the gym with her newborn. Will Kim Kardashian thieves reveal intimate secrets stored on her stolen phones?. PIERS MORGAN: Kim Kardashian should fire AWOL bodyguard. NY attorney general orders Trump Foundation to stop soliciting in state. North Carolina cop caught arresting a black man for sitting on his mother's porch. Diet Prosecco contains half the sugar and has 67 calories per glass. Barack Obama set up secret medical check-up for Hillary Clinton. Ellis Island brought back to life in stunning images. Bizarre video shows 'doctor' puncturing a patient's forehead in bloodletting treatment for headache. Contestant shocks viewers when she exposes her breasts on raucous Czech Come Dine With Me. Brad Pitt 'in bad shape' after Angelina Jolie split. Danney Williams claims to be Bill Clinton's illegitimate son via prostitute. Kim Kardashian's protection team is blasted by Michael Jackson's former security chief. Slovakian teen bride wears PS175k dress during 4-day wedding celebrations. Hillary Clinton visits Charlotte church and says US should protect all from gun violence. Islamic extremist rapper calls for death of former Ukip leader Nigel Farage. From stags ready for their close-up to atmospheric glens and the Hogwarts Express steaming over an iconic viaduct: Breathtaking photos showcase the best of Scottish beauty . Woman's furious Facebook rant against dairy-free cheese goes viral. Taoist Nine Emperor Gods festival sees swords and axe handles pushed through devotees' CHEEKS. Cover Clamp prevents your partner from stealing the blankets in the night. London Eye breaks down leaving hundreds stranded in the air in 'freezing' pods. Dorset teenager with an ingrown toenail pays PS5k to have her leg amputated. ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is seriously ill after assassin poisons his food . Thrillseeker breaks into hotel before jumping off a 5-storey ledge into a swimming pool. Paris apartment block where Kim Kardashian was held up at gunpoint pictured. Kim Kardashian's bodyguard Pascal Duvier was not with her at the time of the robbery. Tyson Fury claims he has retired from boxing... before backtracking just hours later!. Twitter mocks the 'last time Donald Trump paid taxes' with '90s references. Kim Kardashian may have become the latest victim of the Pink Panther gang. Manchester couple are caught having sex beneath a tram archway in broad daylight. Three have-a-go hero pensioners tackle a prolific burglar to the ground. Montana hiker shares Facebook post after being attacked twice but a mother bear. Kensington Palace is blasted over its 'creepy' Canada video montage. Kim Kardashian's jewelry stolen from her at gunpoint totaled PS8.5m. Antonia Lopez accused of throwing baby out the window asked for a favor on Facebook. Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge's Canada wardrobe is her most expensive. Kim Kardashian attacked by trolls on Twitter following gunpoint attack in Paris. Five schools STILL open despite extremist fears. Bradford schoolboy was found dead in his bedroom 'just hours being bullied by older boys'. Pregnant Blac Chyna and son King Cairo head to bash in party bus complete with stripper pole. Time to pimp your beard? Facial hair adorned with JEWELS is a hot new trend... and it's aimed at the 'eccentric yet sophisticated' man. Ben Needham search team request permission to knock down farmhouse extension. Kim Kardashian receives support on Twitter after being held at gunpoint in Paris. Kanye West rushes off stage to wife Kim Kardashian's aid after Paris gunpoint robbery . Ariel Winter shows plenty of skin as she arrives for friend's birthday bash. Colombians reject deal to end 52-year FARC rebel war. Kendall Jenner rushes to Kim Kardashian's side after armed robbery in Paris. Prince George tells Kate Middleton 'I'm going to fly us to England'. Perth mother jailed for 8 years for killing her baby son who had meth in his system. Driver of train that crashed in Hoboken tells federal agents he has no memory of accident. Mother-of-two is killed by sepsis after scratching her hand while gardening: Solicitor deteriorated after doctor sent her home with a prescription. UFC fighter hospitalized in critical condition after he was found unresponsive in Florida. LeBron James officially endorses Hillary Clinton for president. Aged just 21 weeks, Britain youngest patient waiting for a heart transplant: Marnie will not survive beyond the age of two unless a donor is found . Video shows plane MISSES the Birmingham runway and is forced to try a second landing. Donald Trump says Hillary isn't loyal to Bill; should be JAILED over email scandal and mocks her for fainting at 9/11 memorial claiming she doesn't have the stamina. Naomi Watts and Liev Schreiber play happy families at son's football match as they're seen together for first time since split. Saudi princess who fled Paris after 'instructing a bodyguard to kill decorator' is named. Cheryl shows off stunning new curves amid pregnancy claims. Story of Polish nuns gang-raped and made pregnant by advancing Soviet troops. Zoella turned down the chance to meet Prince Harry. Scientists searching for HIV cure are close to breakthrough. Dreams of my family kept me alive in shark infested seas... for 29 hours: He tumbled into the ocean on a holiday cruise - and after being attacked by sharks, jellyfish and seagulls, only one thought helped him survive  . Kim Kardashian held at gunpoint during Paris Fashion Week. Mindy Kaling's brother claims star 'tried to sabotage' his new book. Mother of six-year-old boy killed in South Carolina elementary school shooting remembers her son as 'an angel' who has 'already forgiven his killer'. Hurricane Matthew swirls across the Caribbean towards Haiti and Jamaica. Stuntwoman Olivia Jackson who lost a limb in on-set accident says how she is coping. Gigi Hadid hides her fatigue behind geek-chic glasses as she teases a lace bra in a jumper dress at Paris Fashion Week. Donald Trump wanted to fire women who weren't pretty enough. Kim and Kourtney Kardashian wear raunchy outfits in Paris. Cheryl steps out amid claims she's expecting her first child with Liam Payne. Victoria Beckham admits it's 'hard' raising four children... as she reveals 'done' having kids. Donald Trump mocks Hillary Clinton for fainting at 9/11 memorial. Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik share a look of love at Givenchy show at Paris Fashion Week. Young mother gives birth in the back of a TAXI. Lindsay Lohan has emergency surgery after losing half her ring finger in Turkish boating accident. Sole survivor of Vietnam plane crash which killed 29 people tells how she clung to life. Rangers fans in hospital after supporters coach overturns its way to match. MMA fighter Julian Wallace put his fiancee Jessy Jess in a choke hold and kicked her in the face. Simon Cowell appears to suffer wardrobe faux pas on X Factor 2016. Donald Trump can do little to stop Hillary Clinton from winning presidency. USA win Ryder Cup 2016 as Davis Love's side storm to crushing victory over Europe. Edward Klein's book details Bill Clinton's romps inside presidential library penthouse. X Factor fans go into meltdown after Sharon Osbourne sends controversial Honey G through to the live finals. Braless Kim Kardashian in off-the-shoulder trench coat at Balenciaga PFW. Celtic-supporting troll causes outrage by wishing death on Rangers bus crash victims. Mums admit they craved everything from eating grass to drinking blood when pregnant. Skydivers jump off 300m Kuala Lumpur Tower in Malaysia . Tragic story behind rescued baby in Syria's Idlib. Arnold Schwarzenegger posts birthday message to love child Joseph Baena . Tricky quiz pits your IT knowledge against a primary school child. Scaremongering about Brexit will be proven wrong by Theresa May, says David Davis. Amber Rose marches through LA in lace bodysuit and corset for her second SlutWalk. Liam Gallagher speaks out about end of his marriage to Nicole Appleton. Massiel Arias once known as Mankofit on Instagram shares photo of her six-pack abs. The woman who claims GIN is every mother's secret tonic! And (hic!) her wickedly funny little doodles have made her an online star. Rihanna steps out in oversized pink jacket at Paris Fashion Week. Amish fathers speak out on 10th anniversary of  Pennsylvania schoolhouse massacre. Jeremy Hunt: Let's replace foreign doctors with homegrown talent in Post-Brexit Britain. Schools plan to shut one day a week to save cash: Parents are warned of dramatic cost-cutting measures amid calls for an extra PS20million in funding. Transformers film set takes over Stonehenge with helicopters and explosions. Manchester United star Juan Mata keeps the team bus waiting as he greets young disabled fan. Lacey Spears who poisoned her son with sodium caused three other children to fall ill. Plane crashes in Norfolk as ambulance and fire crews rush to the scene. Prince George snubs another Canadian's high five. California sheriff's deputy draws his gun at black private investigator in an video. Passenger tow trolley carrying wedding guests OVERTURNS in Delaware. Coroner's warning after 16-month-old girl died after getting caught in window blind cord. Beachgoer arrested in New Jersey for sunbathing in homemade transparent bikini. Was SpaceX rocket sabotaged by rival firm? Strange shadow on video of explosion seen by Elon Musk's pioneering company led them to ask for access to competitors roof that overlooks the launch site. Hillary Clinton mocks young Bernie Sanders supporters. McDonough, Georgia boy, three, 'accidentally shoots dead his 18-month-old brother'. Has Big Brother taken over YOUR printer...and secretly made sure it can only use ink more expensive than champagne?  . How to lose weight - the scrumptious way: From roast chicken with garlic and thyme to lemon and prawn kebabs, deliciously simple recipes you can eat to beat diabetes. Scientists baffled as five lionesses grow a mane and start acting like males. Manmade blood vessels could help to save broken-hearted children. Michael Putland shares unseen photos of Marc Bolan, Michael Jackson and David Bowie. Melbourne passenger captures moment a sea of clouds is transformed into 'molten lava'. 'Someone died and he's after free food. What a world we live in': Eurostar passenger apologises after causing outrage for demanding free food when fatality caused his train to be delayed. Ariel Winter flashes her midriff after splashing $1.5 million on new home. Alec Baldwin nails Donald Trump impression on SNL. Entrepreneur Charlotte Miskell is bombarded with 'creepy' comments on LinkedIn. Ryder Cup hostility boils over as a fan is ejected for telling Rory McIlroy to 'suck a d***' during afternoon fourballs. Why you should NEVER smoke inside: Carcinogenic third-hand smoke lingers in your carpet, walls, and loved-ones for at least six months. Police in Calais use tear gas and water cannons in clashes with BRITISH protesters. California scraps statute of limitation for rape after women who say Bill Cosby abused them demanded a change in the law. Theresa May slams MPs plotting to block Brexit. The 10 superfoods that will help fight cravings and quickly shed the pounds. Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis claims more lives in UK than leukaemia, brain or stomach cancer. Little-known body hacks including using ice to stop a migraine. Mummy blogger with an autistic son burns parenting book. Former mortgage broker and her daughter start over in remote Canadian village. Facebook gives rare glimpse inside its gigantic Lulea server farm in Sweden. Lazy bones! Buddy the cocker spaniel drags stubborn dog around with a rope when it refuses to play tug-of-war. Tube Chat badge put to the test as it seems London commuters do want to chat. Standing next to ugly friend will make you more attractive says Royal Holloway study. The secret of Kate's enviably toned figure? The plank! Sporty Duchess is a fan of muscle-tightening exercise and CrossFit. Winners Red Bull Illume adrenaline-junkie photo contest capture daredevil stunts amid breathtaking landscapes . Hailey Baldwin and Tilda Swinton don the same velvet military coat at PFW show. Milton Keynes man sleeping after a night out wakes up with 'd***' superglued to forehead. Self-taught baker Laura Loukaides creates cakes that look like junk food. Vibease vibrator buzzes in time with erotic audiobooks. Poldark's Eleanor Tomlinson smooches a naked Aidan Turner in the bath. Antonia Lopez of Omaha Nebraska is accused of throwing newborn out of the window. Clowns are terrorizing children and adults across U.S. as Halloween looms. BBC sacked me for being a white man: Radio 4 comic was told you have to go. We need more women and minorities . Donald Trump 'could have avoided paying taxes for almost two decades'. Barbara Bush spends Saturday night in Paris with Huma Abedin at Clinton fundraiser. Marco Pierre White's fury at the 'appalling' shaming of his son by 'cynical' TV bosses . Blogger BecBoop is mugged while livestreaming her morning commute to thousands of fans . Justin Ruehs and Adam Smeets, two gay fathers, both give DNA to their triplets. Bulgaria bans the burqa: Women no longer allowed to wear veils after nationalist party pushed for law change amid fears of Islamic terrorism . Arkansas man 'killed neighbor after binge-watching The Walking Dead'. North Carolina college students run course studying porn, rape culture and machismo. Emma Watson in character for Beauty And The Beast photos are leaked online. Mother's anguish as Russell Mellford  who raped her demands to see child he fathered. Madeleine McCann disappearance tour takes customers to the apartment and the tapas bar. Prince George steals the show as Kate, Wills and the children wave farewell to Canada  . Meet Batgirl, the daredevil teen who 'flies' on the tops of trains during Moscow's rush-hour. Toilet discovered at shrine reveals Biblical tale of desecration of religious sites by King Hezekiah. Kim Kardashian goes WITHOUT underwear for Paris dinner. Malaga blast injures at least 90 people as gas cylinder explodes in restaurant, Spain. Ibuprofen among painkillers linked to heart disease. Traveler reveals how far wearing an expensive WATCH can get you. More, please! Maid cafe opens up in China where customers are spoon-fed their food by costumed schoolgirls. The terrible twos don't exist says child rearing expert - toddler tantrums are because British parents take them to the PUB too much . Hungry Venezuelans stop a livestock truck and steal crates of chickens after country's food shortage spirals out of control . Chicago anti-vaxxer who thought she was 'superior' changed her mind when they caught virus . Angry parents gathers outside Letchworth home of caretaker who awaits 'child rape' trial. Vladimir Putin's 'lover' Alina Kabaeva appears wearing wedding ring with two young boys. Fears rise amid 'quake swarm' of mini earthquakes miles from San Andreas fault. 'He spent six days and nights on that beach, covered in blood and saving lives': One of the last remaining survivors from the 1940 Dunkirk evacuation dies, aged 99. South Park lampoons US presidential debates suggesting Trump is handing Clinton victory. Funeral for four siblings killed by their father in Detroit. Kate Middleton and Prince William ditch fishing gear on final day of Canada tour. Townville school shooting victim Jacob Hall dies in hospital. Germany's banks are a timebomb. And if they crash, it'll be 2008 all over again, writes ALEX BRUMMER. Overweight woman who shed 90LBS and TEN dress sizes in one year shows off her  figure. I'm the daddy... honest! How Bailey the tiny chihuahua fathered pup with Coco the massive mastiff. New Zealand 3-year-old boy wins a $1m jackpot on the lottery. FBI Director warns of massive 'terrorist diaspora like we've never seen before'. Margaret Thatcher's outfits to go on display at the V&A. CBeebies star wins court fight to keep her child in UK. Three minority high school students suspended after dressing as the KLAN for their homecoming... but they claimed their costumes were GHOSTS. Ashes of Minnesota sisters found dead in the Seychelles are given to their family. At last! A bishop who talks sense on migrants: Senior cleric says Britain should not be seen as a 'soft touch' and demands other EU nations take asylum seekers. Hundreds of people beg a Queensland tattoo artist to cover up their dodgy body art. Britney Spears hints at her infamous meltdown on Lorraine. Kate Middleton and Prince William criticized for accepting gift made of sea otter fur. What Pippa Middleton's wedding gown might look like by top designers. Kate Hudson wows in a black strappy top for GMA appearance to promote Deepwater Horizon. Rangers fans in hospital after supporters coach overturns its way to match. Ben Needham search team release replica sandles he was wearing. Stratford couple charged with murder and child neglect over death of 3-month-old baby girl. Beyonce's visual album Lemonade gets own class at UTSA. Cornwall sex dungeon where drugs gang stripped and tortured rival pictured. Power outage at Universal Studios forces seven people to be rescued from elevator at Men in Black ride and 11 to be freed from Transformers attraction. Smiths of Smithfield diners reveal a rat fell from the ceiling on to woman's head . David and Victoria Beckham's London neighbours begin 3 years of renovations of their homes. Kourtney Kardashian giggles as she goes clubbing  in Paris wearing sexy black mesh mini dress. Mother sues airline for flying 5-year-old son to wrong city. Canoe conman's new life, running a stall in the slums: So how could John Darwin and his Filipina wife pay for PS25,000 car?  . Kendall Jenner says getting into fall's thigh high stilettos requires 'teamwork'. Indiana State Police officer comforts young boy who was crying at school. Husband of woman killed in Hoboken train crash asked daycare owner how to tell their one-year-old daughter of the loss - just hours after the little girl's mother dropped her off. Jimmy Savile groped a teenager in front of Louis Theroux in new documentary . Syrian rescue worker recalls moment he pulled a month-old baby to safety from rubble. Devon Police identify the woman snapped performing sex act with a fibreglass dinosaur. Ghanaian-born soldier sues MoD for PS200k for negligence because he got cold. Conductor operating the train that crashed in Hoboken was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, blood tests reveal. Chris and Liam Hemsworth attend the AFL Grand Final. Lesbian couple who murdered toddler Liam Fee let out on day release at the same time. Angelina Jolie 'doesn't want Brad Pitt to be prosecuted' for allegations against son Maddox. Hurricane Matthew becomes the most powerful storm to hit the Atlantic in a decade. The mother who was passed from drugs in a car with her baby in the back seat in Penrith, Sydney. Overboard and alone in the ocean for 29 hours except for sharks, deadly jellyfish and his hallucinations of the Virgin Mary: One man's truly astonishing story of survival. Trump asks Nigel Farage to help sharpen up debating skills for Hillary Clinton. Prince William and Kate Middleton wear scarves trimmed with sea otter fur. Kim Kardashian flashes taut tummy with Kourtney at Paris Fashion Week. Jeb Bush says it would be 'powerful statement' in US election if everybody didn't vote. Harry Redknapp filmed admitting he knew his players had bet on their own match. Glamorous life of Russian businessman accused of trafficking HUMAN ORGANS. Robin Williams' widow details actor's final months as rare disease took hold of his brain and robbed him of his sanity. Fashion designer Tala Raassi opens up on the night she was almost shot by Islamic group for wearing a mini-skirt. Police find remains of teen who vanished in 2011 after her adoptive father BOASTED about where they were hidden while he and his wife lied about her disappearance to cash her benefit checks for years. 'I wish the tabloids had informed me earlier in the week that I'm sick': Hugh Hefner speaks out after police respond to the Playboy Mansion over rumors the 90-year-old had died. McDonald's secret menu includes 'Monster Mac' with 8 patties. Student expelled after turning himself in over fake school shooting threat. 'I'm not going to leave you': Hero bystander sought to comfort dying woman as she lay bleeding under the rubble of the debris from the horrific Hoboken train accident. Georgia mother gets 15 YEARS after pleading guilty to sex with daughter's teen boyfriend. Trump Playboy softcore porn video resurfaces from 2000. Student sparks outrage after using sex boast in a bid for a union job at University of Waikato . Two-year-old girl can't contain her love for her pet pug as she's filmed paying tribute to her beloved pooch. Violent teacher caught on camera slapping students and giving them the CANE with a block of wood as they wince in pain . Hillary Clinton chokes up at rally minutes before she's aided down set of stairs. Woman's PS600 grocery bill leaves the internet horrified. Bride calls off her PS6,000 wedding after a PSYCHIC told her to. Runaway lesbian mother and her 'sperm donor lover she wants to wed'. Prince William's love of parenthood increases rumours for 3rd child. The $36million house that Fox News payout bought: Roger Ailes picks up spectacular oceanfront mansion. The 'girl mathlete' who battled Lindsay Lohan in Mean Girls now totally unrecognizable. Anorexic Stockport teen whose organs are failing is checked into clinic as 'last hope'. Angry London pedestrian blocks cyclist as he tries to speed through zebra crossing. Boxer Mike Towell dies in hospital hours after he was knocked unconscious. Shamed Sky TV pundit Richard Keys, 59, is divorcing his cancer-stricken wife of 34 years after she discovered he was 'having an affair with one of his daughter's friends' a 27-year-old lawyer. United Nations' official news agency tells the world to DEFEAT Trump. Four people seriously injured and five others taken to hospital after car ploughs into a group of pedestrians on housing estate in Kent. Bride-to-be is forgiven by her fiance after she was filmed kissing a man on her hen do. Clinging on for dear life: Heart-breaking moment a blood-soaked baby boy refuses to let go of a nurse after his house was hit by an airstrike in Aleppo . Clinton lays into Trump for rant against 'Miss Piggy'. Tulsa officer pleads not guilty to manslaughter charge in Terence Crutcher shooting. Prince William and Kate Middleton arrive on remote island on a WAR CANOE. Imgur pictures show the worst wedding dresses EVER. Egyptian MP calls for universities to perform virginity tests on female students. Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt did have a romance on Mr & Mrs Smith claims bodyguard. Mom of boy, 14, accused of murdering father and shooting two six-year-olds at their South Carolina elementary school breaks down as he appears in court. Ivanka Trump made Donald swear he would never date anyone younger than her. What it took to arrange Kate Middleton and Prince William's tour of Canada. 'Sorry I tased you': Cop bakes cake for woman accusing him of police brutality (but she's still suing him) . Ghana's dead are buried in coffins shaped like a camera and pineapple to represent jobs. Padma Lakshmi declares moms can be sexy too as sizzles in a saucy lingerie snap. Someone's got a country to run! President Obama gets impatient as chatty Bill Clinton delays their departure from Israel by dawdling on the tarmac. Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt 'reach temporary custody agreement. Carrie Underwood's knee looks just like Prince George's face at South Carolina university. Starving lurcher found by RSPCA weighed just 22lbs and was the thinnest EVER found alive. Russian air strikes in Syria have killed 3,800 civilians in just ONE YEAR. Blake Lively welcomes her second child with Ryan Reynolds. Man THROWS his iPhone 7 Plus off the Burj Khalifa in Dubai. Minnesota sisters found dead in Seychelles villa linked to drug overdoses. Zayn Malik 'reignites One Direction feud after he doesn't congratulate Niall Horan on single'. Tyson Fury's reign as heavyweight world champion set to come to an end after failed drugs test before Wladimir Klitschko rematch. Rescued baby orangutan in Ketapang in Borneo and classmates ride in a wheelbarrow. Kim Kardashian flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a racy sheer bodysuit as she goes shopping in Paris. On board the USS Eisenhower as its Top Guns blast ISIS with bombing missions. Fifth Harmony's Ally Brooke is harassed by fan in Mexico while performing. British Holidaymaker in Turkey watched as her boyfriend plunged to death from clifftop. Terrifying moment a pack of giant black bears block tourists at Chinese safari park. Argentinian pop star continues singing oblivious to MAJOR wardrobe malfunction. Bruce Springsteen signs Philadelphia fifth-grader's absence note. Birmingham street preacher Krissoni Henderson will be sentenced today. False widow spider bite leaves lorry driver with gaping hole in his wrist. Kim Kardashian  reveals her quirky tricks for looking taller. Hoboken train crash black box has been recovered as New Jersey authorities seek answers. Trump rants about former Miss Universe Alicia Machado's 'terrible' past on Twitter. Britney Spears swoons over 'very hot' London man on motorbike in Instagram video. Cardiff stabbing suspect accused of murdering Matalan employees appears in court. French man walks into Apple store and smashes every iPhone7 in sight in bizarre video. Princess Charlotte resemblance to the Queen as a child is revealed. Preston mother says friends too terrified to visit after GHOST appears in photos. Kourtney Kardashian flashes her nipples in silk slip at Paris Fashion Week. Leicester mother recalls fighting off stranger trying to steal her 8-month-old daughter. Tube Chat badge launched on the London Underground ridiculed on Twitter. Kim Kardashian shows off her new gold grillz at Paris Fashion Week. Penge crash suspect Joshua Dobby admit causing deaths of child actor and aunt in court. Amanda Knox's ex Raffaele Sollecito says they are also victims of Meredith Kercher murder. Cashing in on the house price boom! 40,000 new property millionaires have been created across Britain this year - but how does YOUR area fare? . Adam Johnson is still earning PS5,000-a-week despite his conviction. Blac Chyna tweets Rob Kardashian phone number as she rants about 'b**ches' texting him. Liverpool budding singer reveals she was fat-shamed by a music producer. Khloe Kardashian sizzles in sheer lacy teddy as she jets out of LAX amid family drama. Van Gogh paintings stolen in 2002 from a Dutch museum recovered by Italian police. Ben Needham's sister voices her fear the missing toddler will never be found. Prince George joins Princess Charlotte as she's wowed by balloons at Canada party. Shimon Peres' funeral attracts 70 world leaders as the world mourns former Israel PM. Chelsea Clinton takes private jet to event despite Hillary's 'carbon neutral' campaign. Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte likens himself to Hitler in his war on drugs. Gigi and Bella Hadid's dad Mohamed shows off his palatial Bel Air home. Barack Obama welcomes Olympic heroes to the White House. How Queensland mother-of-three lost 35 kilograms in 32 weeks . Perth mother whose baby girl passed away regrets having her tubes tied  after giving birth. Two men cause traffic chaos in 'ridiculous' five-minute road-rage scrap. New Jersey man almost dies from paper cut after developing sepsis. Sydney woman 'stabbed to death by her Iranian husband because she converted to Christianity''. Fears for Hugh Hefner amid rumors he makes visitors sign confidentiality agreement. Pennsylvanian restaurant's clever menu for fussy children takes Reddit by storm. Nicole Kidman reflects on her decision to wed Tom Cruise when she was 23. Lawyer says Tulsa cop who killed Terence Crutcher got tunnel vision. Girl describes the moment when she found out her parents were polyamorous . Apple iPhone 8 set to be totally 'different' in 10th anniversary overhaul. Houston doctors marvel at progress of conjoined twins who were separated. Northern Lights glow brighter than usual as coronal hole flings out debris from the sun. Kim Kardashian's double Spanx trick tested by FEMAIL. Making A Murderer's Steven Avery wants Brad Pitt to play him. Kim Kardashian and sister Kourtney match in skimpy metallic outfits. Mother is accused of lying to passport officials to elope to UK with daughter. Wife of a teacher involved in a creepy 'texting and sleep-over relationship' with his 13-year-old student KNEW about it and called the trio her 'little family' . Pennsylvania high school teacher 'sent nude photos to teenage student on Twitter'. Semi-naked woman caught 'performing a sex act' on a DINOSAUR in Devon. Angelina Jolie asked for jewelry in divorce filing from Brad Pitt. Newt Gingrich echoes Trump and says 'Miss Piggy' beauty queen wasn't 'supposed to gain 60 pounds'. The Hoboken mother killed in New Jersey train crash. Former Playboy model Lis Vega exercises in tiny silver bikini. Princess Charlotte bounces excitedly on a dog at Canadian children's party. Oil tycoon Valentin Romanov treats teenage wife to a Bentley. Kim Kardashian slips into ANOTHER racy outfit for Paris Fashion Week event. Female chess players told they must play in hijabs at Iran world championships causing uproar. Student in a coma saved when she wiggled toe as doctors about to turn off life-support. Former Miss Australia says Trump fat-shamed her during Miss Universe pageant . Bikini-clad Gisele Bundchen kisses Tom Brady as they take break from strict diet in Italy. Jesse Osborne who gunned down father and schoolboys had been expelled for bringing in machete. Clinton pushes ahead in polls as public says the Democrat won the debate. Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt 'in private divorce negotiations' with $60m estate not for sale. 15-year-old pupil raped at SCHOOL in India in latest shocking attack. Disbarred Harvard-trained attorney pleads guilty to kidnapping after police initially dismiss 'hoax'. Pregnant Janet Jackson goes shopping for baby furniture in London. Huma Abedin's father claimed governments should uphold Sharia law. Princess Charlotte and Prince George thrilled by a petting zoo and puppet show in Canada. Washington father shot dead while driving to hospital in suspected road rage killing. Townville father Jeffrey Osborne killed by 14-year-old son who went on shooting rampage. Pennsylvania cop loses her job after sending Snapchat with racial slur. Hoboken train crash in New Jersey was missing PTC safety technology to stop trains speeding. NBC axes Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie breakup special at the last second. Man in China has his penis trapped in wedding band for TWO DAYS. Thai girls in Chiang Mai 'adorable pickpocket' storm say they are INNOCENT. Jim Carrey 'sexted ex Cathriona White while they talked about their deceased parents'. Iraqi women 'cooked the heads of ISIS fighters'. Hoboken train crash witness tells of scene of horror in New Jersey station. NBC axes Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie breakup special at the last second. Nicole Scherzinger slams Calvin Harris infidelity rumours in Glamour interview. Jim Carrey 'claims Cathriona White's relationship with Mark Burton was a sham'. Busting out AGAIN! Romanian weather girl and her sexy co-star both suffer wardrobe malfunctions live on air. Harry Styles rocks a Beatles-inspired military jacket for retro photoshoot. Kim Kardashian goes underwear-free in catsuit at Paris Fashion Week Balmain SS17 show. Woman and man arrested on suspicion of murder after baby girl was found on London bus. Manchester man who punched newborn baby in the FACE in Tesco thought she was a doll . Cristiano Ronaldo's PS15m private jet crashes at Barcelona airport while trying to land. Optical illusion will determine just how rude you are. Sainsbury's chocolate truffle mice surprise Essex mother with rude shape. Arizona woman with facial deformity has life-changing surgery to reduce painful growth . Chinese panda impresses crowds by doing SIT UPS. New Jersey commuter train crashes into Hoboken station killing one and hospitalizing 74. Nuneaton man who acts as a 'human pup' says it makes life less stressful. McDonald's employee helps an elderly man cross the road in London. . Pakistan homeowner has cow and bull crane-lifted away after they got too big. Chinese boy has his stomach pumped after bullies forced him to eat pencil lead. NHS provided ear-correction surgery for boy who was bullied and called 'Dumbo'. California man brutally punches woman in the face on busy Venice Beach street. Rob Kardashian posts Snapchat of Blac Chyna's pregnant belly after split rumours . 'We had no choice!' Lion is shot dead after escaping its enclosure in German zoo and keepers 'lost control'. Kim Kardashian was brother Rob's crush when he was younger. Bradford boy found dead in his room after telling his mum he was being bullied at school . 20 years after Sabrina the Teenage Witch, FEMAIL finds out where stars are now. Danny Willett's brother goes on rant calling US Ryder Cup fans 'fat, stupid and greedy'. Reece Rebetzke posted about suicide prevention before taking his own life. The NHS Down's screening the critics say will lead to more abortions. Parents spend PS840,000 to create playground home for their children. New York Yankees fan drops engagement ring before proposing at the game. Pharma Bro Martin Shkreli auctions off the chance to punch him in the face. Ben Needham search finds decomposed matter on Greek farm. Kendall Jenner shows off supermodel physique in tiny crop top and striped pants. The world's grumpiest dog! Earl's permanently miserable looks are set to make him a star. Oxford teen abducted and sexually assaulted while walking to school. Bag containing four of Jose Fernandez's signed baseballs washes ashore on South Beach. China's terrifying glass bridge is set to re-open after being forced to shut. German Shepherd escapes animal shelter by opening doors. Melbourne teen sexually abused by her father says she still wants him at her wedding. End this witch-hunt against troops now, demand former generals: Top brass say they 'deplore' treatment of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans . New species of a fly with a 'double penis' discovered in the Snowy Mountains, Australia. How an obscene array of weapons is turning Syria's Aleppo city into a slaughter house. Woman defecated in a pizza box and left it in a Brisbane man's house during robbery. White student in gorilla mask is charged after facing off against Black Lives Matter protesters . Rafael Nadal stops tennis match against John McEnroe as mother looks for lost girl. Huge yellow inflatable spotted rolling down busy road in Glasgow. MS sufferer from Queensland writes a letter to Exit International before committing suicide. Parents share the CREEPIEST things their kids have said in bizarre Reddit thread . Saudi Princess 'ordered bodyguards to tie up Parisian painter and force him to kiss her feet'. Police release graphic video of six-year-old boy's fatal shooting. Photographer Mark Leaver's images show people with facial tattoos  . Same sex couple who welcomed identical twins using donor sperm raise awareness. The VERY simple hack that will make peeling hard boiled eggs even easier . Twitter spat between two Penn State roommates explodes into viral feud. ISIS hack Syrian prisoner's right hand off in front of a crowd of men and children. Vile racist fliers are found posted around University of Michigan campus . Gwyneth Paltrow soaks up the sun in Mexico on her 44th birthday. Agnes Nixon, creator of All My Children and One Life To Live, dies aged 93. British holidaymaker is arrested after 'abandoning son alone in Majorca hotel room'. Australian student Jessica Wongso accused in cyanide coffee murder says she 'can't remember' details. Panic in Virginia after an autistic boy, 12, waves to people in his favorite clown mask while being driven by his grandmother. Bill Clinton 'rape' accuser Juanita Broaddrick lashes out at Chelsea Clinton. Gigi Hadid posts sweet snapshot with Zayn Malik. Two Minnesota sisters found dead in their luxury resort hotel room in the Seychelles. Peek-a-boob! Kim Kardashian posts topless photo of herself on Instagram ... as it's revealed she 'plans on pressing charges against prankster who tried to kiss her behind'. Sam Allardyce is mocked on social media after he quits as England boss. Jose Fernandez's pregnant girlfriend breaks cover to say goodbye. Imam who raped a boy in a Rugby mosque toilet was banished abroad by elders. Meet the most advanced amputee in the WORLD. Vogue editors take aim at 'pathetic' bloggers who sit front row at Fashion Week. Rob Kardashian 'sparks concern amid trouble with Blac Chyna after regaining weight'. Spectators attack a California police cruiser with an officer inside  . Jose Fernandez' ex-fiancee admits 'not one day will pass that I don't love him'. Naked man 'high on Molly' is found ranting about his manhood at Queens park. Bangladeshi baby boy suffers from rare ageing condition that gives him wrinkles. Brad Pitt 'submitted his urine for testing' during investigation into claims of child abuse. FBI identifies men with undetonated pressure cooker bomb left by chicken shop terrorist. Kate Middleton and Prince William have an early start in Canadian town of Whitehorse. Behind Alicia Machado, the Hillary Clinton campaigner 'fat-shamed' by Donald Trump. Gunman is in custody after shooting two students at South Carolina elementary school. Man with severe facial deformities which give him 'alien-like' features is hoping for surgery. Oral 'Nick' Hillary accused of murdering ex's son is found NOT guilty. Dog owner, Jonathan Theobald, left his three pets to cook to death in a 40C car. Delaware girl is pictured meeting a ballerina for the first time. Disney confirms a live-action The Lion King reboot is in the works. Kim Kardashian is lunged at by Gigi Hadid prankster Vitalii Sediuk at PFW AGAIN. Ahmad Rahami's dad believes his son started planning the attack months ago. Two former nuns to get married in Italy after falling in love in a mission . 9/11 families WILL be able to sue Saudi Arabia for billions after Senate and House override Obama's veto on victims' bill. Kanye West leads Nashville crowd in 'F**k Taylor Swift' chant during performance. Miss Universe says Donald Trump used slurs when speaking about African-Americans. Meet the American Zika baby whose parents want her to have the best start in life. Why Hillary Clinton won the first round on points in debate with Donald Trump. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie stayed in 'their own wings' at Hollywood Hills estate before split. Man rescued at sea Nathan Carman was suspect in wealthy grandfather's murder. Zianna Oliphant on why she made plea to Charlotte council over shooting of Keith Scott. KATIE HOPKINS: Wake up and smell the bacon, Hillary Clinton. Marilyn Monroe did have an affair with Bobby Kennedy according to newly discovered letter. Nick Gordon is spotted with packets containing a white powdery substance days. Russian student auctions her virginity online for PS130,000. Inside the house where Ben Needham vanished: pictures show tragic holiday home where toddler played in 1991. Kate Middleton wows the style crowd with a 'Hollywood makeover' for Canada tour. Mother who 'looked pregnant for 3 YEARS' found to have tumour growing in her womb. MH17 investigators reveal rocket that downed plane over Ukraine DID come from Russia. Woman is clubbed to death by her husband because 'she cracked his smartphone screen'. Swedish baby created in his AUNT'S uterus after his infertile mother received transplant. Kendall Jenner flashes underboob and abs at TRL special. Courteney Cox defends Jennifer Aniston amid Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie divorce drama. Brad Pitt death hoax is actually malware that can destroy phones. Jeremy Kyle viewers stunned by grandmother who paid PS10,000 for 32MM breast implants. High Court rules in favour of Jeremy Hunt over junior doctors contract dispute. Kim Kardashian braless as she lands in France ahead of Paris Fashion Week. Kate Middleton and Prince William tuck into local delicacy in Canada. Noor Tagouri poses for Playboy wearing a hijab. Taylor Swift joins Cara Delevingne for dinner date in New York. Facebook friends of Syrian refugee marrying British aid worker say 'he dreamed of flying to Britain'. Moment Ohio football player suffered a lethal collision with another player. Gwyneth Paltrow commemorates her 44th birthday with make-up free selfie. Britney Spears struggles to keep her eyes open after high-energy London gig . The Kardashians' favourite Spanx tried out by two average men. Madonna follows Katy Perry in posting NUDE selfie in support of Hillary Clinton. Sacked England boss Allardyce breaks his silence to claim 'entrapment has won'. Queen enjoys a trip to the butchers to find Ballater town's recovery from floods. Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna still together amid reports they haven't spoken in months. 'My most wicked betrayal': In a calculating bid to save her own skin, Anne Darwin pleaded not guilty to her crimes. Deutsche Bank shares finally climb after falling to a historic low as fears for Germany's top bank wipes billions off the FTSE 100 after Merkel rules out rescue. Mum from Victoria admits allowing 17-year-old daughter have filler injections. Facebook post reunited mother with lost photo of stillborn daughter. As a growing army of middle-class parents let their children wear nappies until they are 'ready to stop', experts warn that they are... JUST POTTY!. Elon Musk unveils interplanetary transport system to 'make humans a multiplanetary species'. Teen girl admits murdering her grandfather after 'she sent texts to a friend'. Kate Middleton wraps up with Prince William as they arrive in Canada's Northern territory. How dying patients keep themselves alive using sheer WILLPOWER. A knock on the door... and 6 years of lies crumbled in an instant: Then the canoe wife flew home to face the loved ones she'd cruelly deceived, as she reveals in gripping memoir. Frozen in time: Fascinating 360-degree tour of the eerie Cypriot airport that was abandoned almost 40 years ago. Haunting photographs reveal how Longbridge MG Rover plant has lain abandoned. Interactive map lets you check how happy YOUR town is. Swiss MP calls for hijabs to be banned from passport photographs. Cleveland considers merging with East Cleveland. Plus-size model Iskra Lawrence receives chilling video death threat from online troll. Diet guru Lola Berry opens up about weight loss plan backlash. Pregnant woman fat-shamed by shop assistant as she tried to buy a swimsuit. Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres dies at 93 after stroke. Eat to beat diabetes: Delicious dinners that are just 500 calories, quick breakfasts that will keep you full until lunch and comfort food that could save your life . Justin Theroux's heart goes out to Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's children amid divorce. Cabin crew reveal the secrets they never tell passengers about flying . Man rescued after week at sea arrives in Boston. Melbourne crime boss Omar Chaouk accidentally shot himself in testicle then cried. Miss Universe Alicia Machado was accused of threatening to kill a judge  in Venezuela . Brad Pitt announces he's skipping premiere of documentary Voyage Of Time. 'Unarmed' black man who was 'acting erratically' is shot by police in San Diego. Naomi Watts cuts a dejected figure in New York following Liev Schreiber split. Prankster father-of-the bride from Devon 'drops' his daughter's wedding cake. Colchester's Philip Morant School and College school ditches ALL homework. London parents spend PS15,000 a YEAR to turn eight-year-old Theodore Laing into a star. Steve the cat from New Zealand thinks he is a lamb. Vertigo-inducing footage shows daredevil teenager scaling 1150-ft high TV tower. Watch model's steamy bikini shoot end when a wave dumps sand on her face. Couple who were murdered in their home 'became friends with their killers after meeting at furries conventions but later banned the two men from seeing their teenage daughter' . Jose Fernandez broke off engagement to Carla Mendoza for ANOTHER woman. Kate Middleton and Prince William arrive in rural Canadian town. Trump attacks former Miss Universe Alicia Machado featured in Hillary Clinton campaign ad. Grieving man touched by Ohio cop's generosity who drove him miles to be with family. Barbaric video shows Spanish farm workers in Murcia beating pregnant pigs with metal bars. Angelina Jolie treats her six kids to pizza amid Brad Pitt split. How First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt fell in love with WOMAN reporter Lorena Hickok. Mum attacked in Werribee shopping centre for breastfeeding her baby. Brad Pitt's ex-girlfriend Elizabeth Daily says actor never would've abused son. Sam Allardyce seen texting after being FORCED TO QUIT PS3m-a-year England job. Little girl's plea to Charlotte council after police shooting of black man. University professor makes two students days a living hell with pop quiz prank. Colombia surgeon and nurse film themselves dancing in the MIDDLE of an operation . Gigi Hadid proudly defends her feisty response to 'dangerous' Milan assault. Gisele Bundchen shows off her posterior as she sunbakes Deflategate away with Tom Brady. Brazilian fisherman hugs his PENGUIN pal who swims 5,000 miles to see him every year. Kourtney Kardashian flashes abs in sports bra and leggings from Caitlyn Jenner's workout line . 2016 presidential debate in memes as Donald Trump is mocked for 'sniffles'. Triumphant Hillary Clinton mocks Trump for defective mic defense and says of threats to bring up her husband's baggage: 'He can run his campaign however he chooses' . Text messages reveal how friends of Jose Fernandez were trying to console him before accident. Melissa Giret pens children's book about a child with red hair after her son was picked on at daycare. Heartbreaking photos show six-year-old girl saying goodbye to her dying pet dog. It's the sm-All Blacks! Tired and muddy under-11 rugby team perform an inspirational haka in the pouring rain despite losing their tournament . The glamorous life of AFL star Marc Murphy's fiancee Jessie Habermann. Meet the world's first 'three-parent baby': Boy - delivered by US medical team in Mexico - carries a tiny piece of genetic code from a third donor 'parent' to avoid inheriting a disease from his mom. Rosie O'Donnell brands Trump an 'orange anus' after presidential debate. 2016 presidential debate polls show Donald Trump beating Hillary Clinton by a landslide. George Clooney wife Amal worn PS34,000 of clothes while championing the poor. Would YOU have the 15 minute vagina lift?. Two girls pull off a double bottle flip with one landing ON TOP of the other. 'Was Lester Holt auditioning for Hillary Clinton's press secretary?'. Hillary Clinton's camp says Trump is 'unprepared' for presidency after first debate. Savaged by a Great White: Gouge on the leg of a surfer, 17, shows how close he came to death - as he gives the thumbs up to going back in the water. Al Jazeera reporter curses out a woman on camera before presidential debate. Does H&M's new advert really sum up what it means to be a lady?. Harry Styles channels iconic looks of the '60s, '70s and '80s on Another magazine cover . Stephen Colbert pokes fun at Trump's sniffling during 2016 presidential debate. Sweet moment baby girl smiles with joy when she sees her mother for the first time. Katy Perry strips NAKED in new clip urging fans to vote at US elections. Oklahoma deputy pulls man on car hood to save him from two pit bulls. Trump boasts he paid NO federal income tax in the past during presidential debate. AFL star Jimmey Bartel grew his beard to raise awareness of domestic violence. Chinese mother is devastated after her son was born with no eyes. Alton Towers owners Merlin fined PS5M over Smiler ride crash. Las Vegas girlfriend gets revenge on 'cheating boyfriend' by tasering him in the crotch. Touching moment father is found alive with his daughter after heavy rain in China. Miss Universe's Alicia Machado slams Donald Trump and pledges to vote HILLARY CLINTON. Donald Trump PULLED BACK from talking about Bill Clinton's Monica Lewinsky affair. Kate Middleton wears Penelope Chilvers boots as she and Prince William continue Canada visit. Naomi Watts and Liev Schreiber's 11-year relationship in pictures as they announce split. ISIS execute six fighters by crushing them with BULLDOZER after they fled from Iraq . The new trick to look younger? Go half grey! One dye-hard brunette tried out the latest age-defying salon treatment . Sam Allardyce seen texting after being FORCED TO QUIT PS3m-a-year England job. Aristocrat's daughter Nancy Morrison sparks fury after raucous 21st birthday party. Prince William and Kate Middleton receive presents during welcome by First Nation chiefs. Tony Blair denounces witch-hunt of troops but he left them open to criminal charges . Dubbo mother on the strokes that killed young daughter's brain. Ex-headteacher Gillian Rew admits drinking and 'improper contact' on school trip. Ben Needham police discover pieces of light coloured fabric during dig to find body. Kate Middleton joins Prince William for historic ceremony with Canadian First Nations . Mum speaks out about vaginal injuries women experience during birth. Naomi Watts is seen for first time since split with Liev Schreiber. Chinese home buyers storm Hangzhou apartment building amid housing crisis. Maria Bond loses almost 40 KILOS after taking up bodybuilding. Rob Kardashian tweets Kylie's phone number in rage over baby shower drama as it's revealed he and Chyna 'haven't been speaking for months'. BBC faces backlash for fixing the number of non-white presenters. Man wins $1million Lotto after person cut in front of him in the queue. Model scarred after being punched in the face by New Zealand rugby player who avoided jail. Did the commission on presidential debates deliberately give Donald Trump a faulty microphone. Keith Scott WAS carrying stolen gun - and his wife filed for a restraining order. Gastroparesis sufferer from NSW speaks about being fed by a tube through her nose. Trump and Hillary Clinton's spouses cross divide to shake hands before debate. Vernon Yerkess and his family are convicted over fight at Brady's Bar in Whalley, Lancashire. Kim Kardashian and Kanye West renovating $20m home in Hidden Hills. Will & Grace cast reunites a decade after their NBC sitcom ended. Floyd Mayweather reflects back on his career relaxing on a private estate. Prince Charles 'feared being assassinated at Diana's funeral'. Muslim preacher Krissoni Henderson guilty of abusing a woman over skinny jeans. Hillary Clinton brands Donald Trump a racist during presidential debate. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump ditch reporters to travel to debate venue. Aleppo hospital is blown up in new atrocity, prompting fresh accusations of war crimes . Girl stomped to death by Victorian Mussie Debresay for wetting herself on couch. Sam Allardyce faces axe as England manager is filmed telling how to bend FA transfer rules. Donald Trump has the DILBERT vote as comic strip creator says he's already won. Massive hornet DEVOURS a wasp outside a Bristol pub. EasyJet pilot becomes world's youngest commercial captain aged 26. Naomi Watts and Liev Schreiber announce separation after 11 years. Four-month baldness treatment ruxolitinib helps patients regrow a full head of hair. Experts reveal how much men really think about sex and why others might prefer a nap. Jose Fernandez was partying at Miami bar just 90 minutes before fatal boat crash. San Diego couple get carried away on a big wheel - in full view of people behind them. Image shows entire crowd with backs turned to Hillary Clinton to take a selfie. Kate Middleton dresses down in Zara jeans as she and William meet First Nation peoples. Khloe Kardashian names Brad Pitt as one of her crushes just one week after Angelina Jolie files for divorce from him. Cross-dressing ISIS monster caught trying to sneak out of Sharqat in northern Iraq. Tom Hanks photobombs bride and groom's wedding pics and they couldn't be happier. Two-year-old accidentally shoots 12-year-old boy in Tennessee with aunt's loaded revolver. Presidential Debate preparations near conclusion for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Bruce Springsteen says his father felt he competed for his mother's affections . Labour party conference had stand selling merchandise mocking maimed soldiers. Mesut Ozil joined by upset girlfriend on night out in London after Arsenal's stunning victory against Chelsea. Missouri mother and father are killed in Orlando car wreck during family trip to Disney . Toddler dies from brain-eating amoeba PMA after ingesting water on parent's rural property. Alberto Mugrabi marries Colby Jordan, in French Riviera fete. Brad Pitt's 'other woman' from his marriage to Jennifer Aniston speaks out. Blackpool boy, 11, is one of Britain's youngest rapists after being caught attacking boy. Darlington father-of-two eats his wife's PLACENTA with beans and toast. Robbers' plan to mug pizza boy goes wrong when delivery is made by Napoleon Harris III. Zara jacket spotted EVERYWHERE across London sparks hashtag #thatcoat on Instagram. Wife throws husband's lunch off high-rise apartment and through his sun roof. Groom in China nearly dies after a group of guests spray fire extinguishers at him. Tennessee officials warn 'predator' clowns are luring children into woods. Romanian weather girl Daniela Crudu bursts out of risque outfit on air. All the pressure is on Hillary Clinton in tonight's debate with Donald Trump. Victims of the Alton Towers Smiler crash arrive at court to hear theme park's punishment. Christopher Halliwell's could be linked to Claudia Lawrence's murder claims her father. Man shot near popular Chicago tourist destination dies. Chicago popsicle vendor can finally retire after heartbreaking photo of him at work. Paris supermarket shooting sees two wounded as French police surround suspect's home. Sacked Coronation Street star Marc Anwar issues new apology for racist Tweets. Colorado woman gets stabbed in the arm by her dog. Houston police 'kill gunman who shot NINE people with a revolver at a strip mall'. Rushden vicar's wife cheats on her husband with a homeless man he had taken in. Loyal dog that waited for owner by a Thai roadside for a YEAR is hit and killed by a car. Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni warns Rob Kardashian on Rob & Chyna show. University of North Dakota students investigated after Black Lives Matter Snapchat gag. Jose Fernandez' final words to his pregnant girlfriend days before tragic boating accident. Benjamin Netanyahu's talk with Hillary Clinton lasts about HALF as long as Donald Trump's. Vile crimes of Victoria paedophile uncle who abused his 10 nieces and nephews. Kate Middleton squats down to speak to Prince George on their Canada tour. Dog owner is stunned to find the spitting image of his dead pet in a slice of meat. Cheryl's mum Joan Callaghan spotted buying pregnancy goods amid Liam Payne baby claims. Graz Airport customs officers discover woman carrying her dead husband's INTESTINES. Matt LeBlanc to become Top Gear's sole presenter after Chris Evans's departure. Brooklyn hoarder who was blind was unknowingly living with 'perfectly intact skeletal remains of her son' who hadn't been seen in 20 years. Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt 'have an iron-clad pre-nup but are both fighting for joint custody'. Ben Needham search teams find bone fragments in an olive grove. Angelina Jolie's 'political ambition to be a UN leader' drove her and Brad Pitt apart. Honey G makes defiant X Factor reurn after Ivy Grace fails to obtain US work visa. Prince George snubs Justin Trudeau's high five on royal tour of Canada. Sofia Levin food writer is the new food taster for Luke Mangan. Anne Darwin reveals in new book the entire story about her husband's fake canoe death. Voluntary euthanasia advocate Kylie Monaghan speaks out. Sad life of dolphins captured for Indonesia's traveling circuses. Gold Coast baby boy contracts salmonella and meningitis from a shopping trolley. 'Adorable thieves' in Thailand photographed the moment they stole a woman's watch. Push to allow EU-style visa free travel between Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the UK. Trump promises Netanyahu he will recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital if he is elected. Woman dies after falling from roof of her Manhattan apartment. Angelina Jolie 'blocks Brad Pitt's number' amid shocking divorce filing. Deadly Nails salon uses snake skin, butterfly wings and dead scorpions in manicures. Brave woman takes on AK-47 wielding thug in epic fight in Mariinsk, central Russia. Sydney real estate agent raped a 17-year-old he met on a flatmate finding website. New York science teacher 'beat up teenage student over botched drug deal'. Elle Macpherson explains why she regrets her iconic role on Friends. Muslim teacher is suing school after she was sacked for objecting to video of 9/11 being shown. Taylor Swift debuts new short sassy 'do at Liberty Ross' birthday party. Autistic 11-year-old boy receives overwhelming support from across the country . Kate Middleton wins first round of outfit war with Canada's First lady Sophie Gregoire-Trudeau. Ghostly figure of little girl in period dress is caught on film by startled visitor to 900-year-old castle . George Bush enlists President Obama to help him take a selfie. Wollongong man could die behind bars for sexually abusing 2 generations of his family. Zoe Ball told Fatboy Slim 'I'm bored' before leaving DJ for toyboy. Tammy Hembrow accused of Photoshopping her post-baby Instagram photos. Arnold Palmer dead aged 87. More than 40 NFL players protest before games on Sunday. New York bomber likely learned how to make bombs in Al-Qaeda magazine. Pippa Middleton shares her heart-healthy family favourite meal. Nirvana's Nevermind album baby recreates iconic photo 25 years later. California's biggest water wasters are in Bel Air. Having more sex makes men more likely to believe in God. 7 people overdose in Cleveland in 1 day as Ohio's drug epidemic worsens. Prince George and Princess Charlotte fail to impress Twitter users. Patient with rare heart condition dies after asking doctors to turn off her pacemaker. Can YOU pass this basic grammar quiz? New puzzle tests your knowledge of the most commonly misused words - and determines if you're really a 'Grammar God'. Cross-dressing man 'stole nine boxes of cigarettes from a County Durham Co-Op. Mary Berry 'only wanted one more year of Great British Bake-Off'. Video of baby panda 'giving a high-five' during physical exam in China. Gigi Hadid and Adriana Lima pose for behind-the-scenes shots for Versace SS17 Milan show. Chill out of Africa: VERY relaxed hippo floats on its back as it relaxes in South Africa . Jose Fernandez of Miami Marlins, killed in Florida boating accident. Riot police brace themselves for trouble outside the Carolina Panthers stadium. Gigi Hadid styled into a paper doll as she storms the runway with sister Bella. Former Britain's Got Talent winner George Sampson 'takes mother to the High Court'. Asian elephant carcass exposes the sick trade in animals' hides to feed demand in China . Kate Middleton and Prince William leave their children while they enjoy a day in Vancouver . Pippa Middleton's iCloud account hacker revealed. Missouri State quarterback Breck Ruddick 'suspended indefinitely' over animal abuse investigation. Eczema risk 'reduced by a third' by eating fish and mushrooms during pregnancy. Adorable kitty feeds himself water with his paws because he's too lazy to stand up. ISIS suicide bomber kills seven and wounds 28 in sectarian Baghdad attack. High school history teacher who stepped on the American flag in a lesson about the First Amendment has been suspended without pay . Pope Francis meets grieving relatives and survivors of Bastille Day attack which killed 86 . SNL's first Latina cast member Melissa Villasenor caught deleting racist tweets. Mother 'raped by gang of migrants from Iraq, Syria and Bahrain after drink was spiked'. Hundreds of people plunge into the North Sea for a mass charity skinny dip. BHS reborn: Qatari group to launch ranges online in time for Christmas  | This is Money. Inside house in Austria where Natascha Kampusch was kept a sex slave for eight years. Lesbian couples make the best parents. Gareth Bale protected by police as his fiancee's cousin Epiphany Dring 'disappears PS1m'. WWF Australia release video of a black rhino being airlifted to a breeding site. Cat cafes, owl cafes, and now snake cafes all over Japan. Suspected Iraqi bomb maker wants a PS233k payout over war jail term. Jose Fernandez of Miami Marlins, killed in Florida boating accident. Angelina Jolie 'is being consoled by Johnny Depp following split from Brad Pitt'. Kendall and Kylie Jenner show off their new matching Ferrari convertibles. British aid worker Sarah Gayton will marry Syrian refugee after they fell in love. Passengers on a Melbourne train shocked as couple get amorous. Brad Pitt 'wants father-in-law Jon Voight to play peacemaker' and 'build bridges' to wife Angelina Jolie as star actor is 'torn up' over not being able to see his kids in messy custody battle. Obese single mum who was 'so ashamed' she couldn't look in a mirror loses 60 kilos. Three Baltimore gunmen shoot and wound eight people including a three-year-old in violent revenge attack for Labor Day weekend shooting. CCTV video shows antiques flying off shelves during apparent paranormal activity. Detective that brought down Christopher Halliwell was hounded out of his job. Donald Trump tombstone is now in a Brooklyn gallery. It's safe to resume flights to sharm el-sheikh, theresa may is told. Laura Trott and Jason Kenny share intimate shots from inside their wedding. Parents reveal why they wish their children had never been born. Wetherspoons axes traditional Christmas dinner. Can YOU recognise these uncooked foods?. Thousands buying James Bond-style revolving number plates to dodge speeding fines . Woman bombarded with messages from Carphone Warehouse worker after Iphone upgrade. Air passenger finds man next to her has booked a seat for his DOLL. Distraught mother shares picture of daughter after she was run over by van. Surbiton motorists fined PS110 for parking their cars on their own driveways. U.S. intelligence probes ties between Russia and Trump 'foreign policy adviser'. Saudi Arabia kills 32 civilians in Yemen airstrikes launched the day after Obama vetoed bill that would allow families to sue US ally for causing 9/11 as Senate passes $1.15bn arms deal. Ole Miss students protest over response to online post over black shootings. Jennifer Aniston holds hands with Justin Theroux on NYC dinner date amid Brangelina divorce scandal. A Catholic saint that was killed by father 300 years ago 'blinks during video'. Experts reveal David Cameron and George Osborne's Brexit predictions have FAILED. Three people found dead in California house after CHILD calls 911 to say parents 'died'. US military fires two top generals - one of whom was having an extramarital affair and living rent-free in home of businessman with ties to arms firms. Two American's discovered with dismembered corpse hidden in their freezer in Thailand. Alabama woman says illegal immigration has left her struggling to find employment. Washington mall shooting suspect is arrested after manhunt. NSW female magistrate slams judicial system after being forced to look at child porn images. Angelina Jolie's Malibu hideaway boasts gourmet kitchen and stunning views. Keith Scott's family don't understand how he died after video footage released. Former Victoria's Secret star Miranda Kerr reflects on her 20 year career and says she never really wanted to be a model . Ivanka Trump gushes about 'supportive' husband Jared in Good Morning America interview. The Wolf of Wall Street would approve! Leonardo DiCaprio is selling the $1.6 million Malibu home he bought in 1998 for $10.95m. Man tries to play swimming pool prank on girl in a bikini but it goes painfully wrong. Jim Carrey's ex-girlfriend's husband claims he gave her STD. Theresa May 'torpedoed' David Cameron during Brexit campaign. Charlotte high school students peacefully protest during football games' national anthem . McDonald's worker taunts hungry homeless man with a cheeseburger in Kent. Biographer who predicted Brangelina divorce, Ian Halperin, reveals all in new book. Kate Middleton, Prince William and their kids land in Canada for royal tour. Hundreds at funeral for Ohio boy, Tyre King, fatally shot by police. Charlotte police's tweets promising the release of Keith Scott shooting videos 'in the spirit of transparency' are DELETED by a rogue staffer. Bill Nunn dead aged 62. Tulsa officer late to career, had de-escalation training. Zoe Ball and Fatboy Slim split following 18 years of marriage. Brad Pitt 'hasn't seen his kids' since wife Angelina Jolie filed for divorce. Charlotte police chief says Keith Scott was a 'lethal threat' when he was shot dead. Drummer Matt Vorzimer turns New York City subway station into a night club. Pippa Middleton's hacking investigators arrest 35 year old man  . Little girl has adorable reaction to eating at Waffle House for the first time. Mark Michaelson's collection of vintage mugshots revealed. Father uses three VACUUMS to perfectly braid a young girl's hair. Price on application! Inside the multi-million-pound superyachts on display at this year's Monaco Yacht Show. Spare us from these bleeding heart luvvies like the Clooneys who lecture us on migrants while jetting off from mansion to mansion, says CHRISTOPHER HART. Donald Trump threatens to invite Bill Clinton's mistress Gennifer Flowers to debate. Public masturbator has life sentence overturned by Oregon Supreme Court. President Obama opens Smithsonian's African American museum. Holocaust survivor who dedicated life to fighting anti-semitism in Germany dies. President Obama vetoes bill that would allow 9/11 families to sue Saudi Arabia. Joy as devoted couple married for 62 years are reunited after spending eight months apart because they couldn't get into the same care home. Tchula police chief Kenneth Hampton warns creepy clowns with machete. Pope Francis meets grieving relatives and survivors of Bastille Day attack which killed 86 . North Korea threatens US with 'tremendous consequences beyond imagination'. What sadness and joy REALLY look like: Photographer captures men crying and women laughing as she claims both sexes 'suppress' their emotions. Backstreet Boys confirm they're kicking off a Las Vegas residency next year. Release of 14,900 new Hillary Clinton emails delayed until AFTER Election Day. Chicago man confesses to a murder 11 years after his twin was found guilty of the crime. Colin Kaepernick kneels during anthem, team lays down before Oakland high school football game. So what DO you do when you win the Lottery? Three winners Brian Caswell and Annette Dawson from Bolton and Dean Hardman from Rochdale reveal what they bought and what they gave away and say yes - it DID change their lives. 'How is this not classified?' Obama used a code name to talk with Hillary on her personal email, as new FBI records reveal that even her top aide Huma was shocked by unsecure messages. Video shows Charlotte's Keith Lamont Scott being handcuffed after shooting. Dog owners shamed on Facebook after their Great Dane left 'enormous' mess on a beach. Fascinating pictures show skinheads on Southend rampage 40 years ago. Young Syrian boy injured in Aleppo airstrikes which killed his baby brother. Charlotte police release photographs of looters including a young white woman and a white man. Indonesia 5.4 magnitude earthquake felt in Darwin. Extremely rare ultra-localised downpour falls in Italian road stunning pedestrians and drivers . The tell-tale possessions that prove you're middle class. Daniel Wozniak is sentenced to death. Uber laughed at New York man after a driver 'forced him to touch his erect penis TWICE'. Lifetime releases first trailer for film Who Killed JonBenet?. Trump will win the White House says history professor who has got last 8 elections correct. Mia Farrow's collected adopted family has now seen THREE tragic deaths. Justin Bieber pulled away from attacker by woman dressed as FRAULEIN in Munich. 'Do something else in your life besides constantly sending sh*t!' Marion Cotillard's partner slams the 'venal stupidity' of the 'haters' who accused her of affair with Brad Pitt. Kate Middleton and Prince William's Canada tour prompts 'etiquette rules'. 'I committed the biggest mistake of my life watching this video': Clueless iPhone 7 owners destroy new handsets after YouTube prank dupes them into DRILLING their own headphone jack. European Jews 'too afraid to go to synagogue' on holy days. Chinese skeletons found in a Roman cemetery promise to rewrite history. Jeremy Corbyn celebrates Labour re-election as leader by gorging on a sandwich. Nagasaki atomic bomb horrors revealed in confiscated photographs. Kim Kardashian's daughter North is a tiny dancer at their friend's wedding reception. Angelina Jolie is 'to move to England in order to become peer in House of Lords'. Wife who helped her husband fake his death reveals their children believe it too. Tattoo fans show off their weird and wonderful creations at London convention. Would YOU choose to work if your husband was rich enough to support you?. EU chief Martin Schulz blames Jo Cox's death on the 'nasty' referendum campaign . Jewish Labour MP reveals the anti-Semitism that's the norm in her Party's hard left . Man with ONE-INCH 'micropenis' details his 'shame and humiliation'. Kate Middleton and Prince William set off for Canada visit with TWELVE staff. Consultancy firm director Robert Croucher jailed for attack on Uber driver. Hilarious photos of cats with VERY angry faces. Shoppers reveal what's it's REALLY like going to Ikea for the first time. Stephen Hawking warns we should 'be wary' about answering alien signals. JAN MOIR says Great British Bake Off is truly cooked after Mary Berry stays with BBC. Chloe Khan displays full chest as she washes cars in hot pants and stilettos. Magazine Cosmo and SEAT launch a car for women (and annoy their target audience) . Kazakhstan mother filmed teaching her son how to SMOKE until he grimaces. Vegan acne cure shared by bodybuilder. Australian YouTube couple land a million-dollar deal to sail around the world. BBC accused of racism against Scots after use of the word 'Jock'. Pre-school teacher surprises mother of girl dying of kidney failure that she is a donor match. Mother-to-be acted like a 'wild animal' when she sunk her teeth into another woman's face tearing a chunk out of it and leaving her looking like something 'from a horror movie'. Kim Kardashian arrives hand-in-hand to pal's nuptials with husband Kanye West. Angelina Jolie's $95k-a-month secret Malibu fortress that she rented before filing for divorce. Sex offender caught on courtroom video trying to attack a prosecutor with a piece of metal charged with terrorism and attempted murder. Washington state mall shooting leaves 5 dead as police search for Hispanic gunman. Florida gym owner kills Uber driver by crashing his Lamborghini into SUV. Dramatic moment enormous Emirates Airbus A380 is rocked violently. Malin Akerman topless during threesome scene with Orlando Bloom in Netflix show Easy. Rodolfo Ramirez accused of kidnapping and sexually assaulting unconscious woman. Poldark's Aidan Turner throws woman off set after getting fed up with hordes of fans. Hillary Clinton wanted to debate Donald Trump on a STEPSTOOL. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie finalize their Hollywood divorce. Joe Scarborough's son Andrew is hospitalized with a fractured skull. Brad Pitt's brother Doug spotted hours after his famous sibling is accused of child abuse. Arizona yoga teacher speaks out on being 'drugged and fondled' by boys at Bar Mitzvah. 'Mad Max' fans descend on post-apocalyptic playground in Mojave Desert. Mia Farrow's collected adopted family has now seen THREE tragic deaths. Adorable video shows Virginia father motivating his daughter for first day of school. Mariah Carey goes underwear free in Greece with fiance James Packer. Officers justified in pepper-spraying Maryland girl, police say. New Jersey teen is arrested in Tennessee for murder of 8-year-old girl. Kate Middleton and Prince William get a night off from the kids on Canada tour. ISIS execute 50 Shia Muslims with gunshots to the head in latest senseless slaughter. Pippa Middleton's private pictures stolen in Apple iCloud hack. Catholic Church ACQUITS Mexican priest who admitted to raping 30 young girls. Kim Kardashian reveals she may vote for TRUMP after talk with Caitlyn Jenner. Tulsa teacher shares Facebook post about impact of Terence Crutcher's death on students. PIERS MORGAN on Charlotte and being wrong about Colin Kaepernick. David Beckham goes shirtless for charity as he does the #22kill push-up challenge. Great British Bake Off fans call for James Martin to star in BBC's new baking show. Rocco Ritchie enjoys an al fresco meal with brunette model Kim Turnbull in London. Monty Python star Terry Jones reveals he is battling dementia. Making A Murderer's Steven Avery is engaged to a 53-year-old Las Vegas blonde. St Ann's Court's secret bedroom allowed Christopher Tunnard to hide gay relationship. Brad Pitt's religious childhood and the family pastor who preaches corporal punishment . Girls as young as 16 in Ibiza who were beaten with brooms are freed by police. New Jersey father of autistic 11-year-old boy posts heartbreaking worksheet. Charlotte police shooting victim's wife releases footage of final moments. Jaws Poo! Shark swims up to divers in a cage and defecates on them (but it's probably the less dangerous end) . Doctor suggests Hillary Clinton's apparent eye problems could be result of fall in 2012. Colin Kaepernick gets Time cover after controversial national anthem protest. Georgia woman rushes out of bed and opens fire on three armed burglars. Mothers and fathers find the perfect way to humiliate their unsuspecting children in viral photos. Stunned tourist is filmed as two monkeys start having sex on his HEAD!. Ecuadorian transgender man Fernando Machado gives birth to baby. Plus size model hits back at Miss Italy contestants' who say she's 'too fat'. Mark Zuckerberg, Yuri Milner and Stephen Hawking to begin search for alien life. Spine-tingling photos proving just how CREEPY children can be sweep the web. Activist attempts to broker peace with free hugs amid Charlotte riots. Worst Subway customer loses it because they're out of meatballs to make a sub. The moment an animal expert stings himself with one of world's most painful wasps. Brad Pitt's fight with Maddox allegedly caught on camera. Unemployed teen spends PS20,000 to look like David Beckham . Student emails her college professor a toe-curling assignment written while DRUNK. Bradford honour killing victim Samia Shahid was called 15 times by relatives. Plain-clothed police officers fire shots at EACH OTHER in Brazil. Photos of hilarious - and occasionally insightful - bathroom graffiti sweep the web. Quality Street ditches Toffee Deluxe for Honeycomb Crunch. Hillary Clinton says she doesn't need to take brain function tests. Mark Wahlberg's daughter asks him to rap live on The Dan Patrick Show. US Rep Robert Pittenger says Charlotte protesters 'hate white people'. Disturbing picture of Hervey Bay teenager holding knife to dog's throat . Real-life Fault in Our Stars wife with cystic fibrosis dies. New York's LaGuardia Airport put into lockdown over abandoned SUV outside terminal. Ringleader of the Oxford University Cecil Rhodes statue campaign accused of racism. Kylie Jenner wears tight leather dress as she attends Tyga's fashion event. Is this Dr Pimple Popper's most disgusting delivery yet?. Police 'very, very clear' that Christopher Halliwell has more victims. Scarlett Keeling's furious mother blames 'despicable coward' eye witness who pulled out of giving evidence at last minute for the not guilty verdict over her daughter's death. Shannen Doherty steps out with mom Rosa after chemo session. South Carolina cop convinced a suicidal man not to jump off a bridge with football conversation. Toddler is found alive THREE days after he went missing in Siberian wilderness. Jennifer Aniston jets out of LA as she's escapes Brangelina divorce firestorm. UK weather sees heavy wind and rain on the first day of autumn. Brad Pitt fears being seen as a bad father during Angelina Jolie's abuse allegations. Kim Kardashian eats cream from the can in bizarre new photo shoot. It's a BENDY house: Incredible Indian home which has NO straight lines . Can YOU spot the bird? Incredible camouflage photos leave the web stumped . Gigi Hadid will not fire security team after being pranked in Milan. Perth paedophile jailed after he raped girl alongside her father. Boy writes letter asking Barack Obama if Syrian boy can live with him. Perfume guru JO MALONE reveals the awful moment she knew she'd have to start all over again. Adelaide mother unexpectedly gives birth to twins after cancer diagnosis. Jennifer Aniston in New York amidst Brad Pitt's divorce with Angelina Jolie. Philippines wants to bring back the death penalty for paedophile Peter Sully. Conde Nast Traveler reveals hottest restaurants in the world. Disney pulls controversial costume for new film Moana from stores. Shocking moment woman is killed by a tram in Moscow while on smartphone. Colin Firth was almost rejected for his Pride and Prejudice role. Man mugged at a Philadelphia ATM later hits the robber with his car. Photoshop fails will leave you wondering how they EVER made it to print. Jim Carrey gave his Irish ex-girlfriend THREE STD's before breaking up with her and triggering her suicide, claims her estranged husband in explosive lawsuit. 'The things you should NEVER say to parents of fussy eaters!' Blogger's post about mealtime battles with children goes viral - as it prompts thousands to share their own tales of frustration. Men suffering with severe anxiety are TWICE as likely to die from cancer. Protests in Charlotte turned violent for a third night. Tammy Hembrow shares fitness tips on regaining pre-baby body. Gerard Depardieu says France is becoming a land of 'imbeciles and stinky cheese'. NSW athlete sisters locked in a shed and raped by their father for 14 years. Triple amputee is left humiliated after being ordered to leave trampolining centre. Japan hit by a magnitude 6.4 earthquake southeast of Tokyo . Owner gives dying dog that loves snow one last blizzard in Texas. Charlotte demonstrator shot in the head amid the riots has died. Calais aid workers are having SEX with Jungle camp migrants, whistleblower claims. Neighbours form human chain around mother's house to stop her being kicked out. ISIS video shows 'Cubs of the Caliphate' being brainwashed into fighting. Father of 15-year-old who had an online sexting relationship with Anthony Weiner is outraged after disgraced congressman discloses his daughter's identity to the media . The Rich Kids of Dubai flaunt their wealth in envy-inducing Instagram snaps. Dalai Lama shows off amazing impression of White House hopeful to Piers Morgan. Brad Pitt's argument with son Maddox led to Angelina Jolie filing for divorce. Lorry carrying migrants stopped on the M1 near Luton. Boy filmed sneaking into neighbor's garage to hug their dog now has his own Labrador puppy to cuddle after his mother bowed to 'friendly' pressure from viewers. Christiaan van Heijst and Daan Krans' photos taken from inside a plane's cockpit. Lindsay Lohan says 'abusive' Russian toyboy ex is a lazy layabout. Tulsa shooting cop who killed unarmed Terence Crutcher is CHARGED with manslaughter. Wedding cancelled after bride-to-be filmed kissing man 'she had just met'. Angelina Jolie smiles at a refugee camp five days before Brad Pitt split. Angelina Jolie told Brad Pitt divorce plans while he 'begged' her to wait. Mia Farrow's adopted son Thaddeus killed himself, rules medical examiner. The super SUPER yacht: Designer creates world's most expensive vessel which will cost PS500MILLION to build and come with a swimming pool, spa, cinemas and a private deck . Incredible story of woman given life by German coach killed in Rio. Yahoo confirms massive data breach affecting 500 MILLION accounts. Is this the moment Brangelina's marriage fell apart?. Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo welcome their first child and name her Dusty Rose. Adidas Predator boots bare striking resemblance to 2,000 year old Roman sandals. Extraordinary pictures by female war photographers on the world's deadliest front lines. Turkish engineers build a remote-controlled transformer out of a BMW. Un-BEAR-ably cute! Five-month-old baby is pictured snuggling up with a giant EIGHT-FOOT teddy after doting grandpa bought if for her on a whim (much to mom's surprise!). Dying boy is 'left to lie on the floor at Heathrow for hours without any water, blanket, stretcher or wheelchair'. Lawyer is suing Emirates after nine-hour flight seated next to an obese man. Hamdog creater Mark Murray patents a cross between hamburger and hotdog. Videos emerge of protesters attacking white bystanders in Charlotte. Forlorn dogs shown who's boss as they're ousted from their beds by sleepy. MMA fighter Anastasia Yankova shocks fans with her post-fight selfie . Puppy left hairless and in extreme pain after being stung by thousands of bees. Boy, four, is snatched off the streets by a stranger as his mother walked him home from school . Irish patient dies after ambulance explodes outside hospital A&E . Gigi Hadid flashes bare breasts in a sheer floral dress during Milan Fashion Week. White House staffer's email hacked revealing Michelle Obama's schedule. Illinois family gives vintage Mercedes to grandfather. White motorist with GUN is filmed driving through protesters in Charlotte . Horror attack in Ibiza as British father and twin sons are robbed and stabbed. Leeds mother almost beaten to death by Wayne Hoban. Women strip outside Argentina's house of congress to protest objectification. Karen Gillan speaks out after fans attack her skimpy attire in Jumanji reboot. Why we should KILL every stray cat in Britain according to new book. Chicken shop bomber's wife returns to the U.S. to speak to investigators. Spanish basketballer Rudy Fernandez appears as a black man in NBA 2K17 game blooper. Is this the photo that proves 'disabled' black man fatally shot by police WAS armed? Image taken by a witness appears to show a gun at his feet . Shocking video shows 100 school children bawling in Manchester street. Is this the ghost of a dead dog coming back to forgive her grief-stricken owner for having her put to sleep? . Gigi Hadid LASHES OUT at man who tries to pick her up as she leaves Milan. Santa Catalina Hotel guest wrote TripAdvisor report from when Brad Pitt visited. Former Eggheads star CJ de Mooi arrested on suspicion of MURDER. Gangsta knife-wielding crab is filmed clutching a weapon in its claw and waving it around aggressively. SARAH VINE gives her take on the Brangelina split. Angelina Jolie had aggressive encounter with Marion Cotillard over Brad Pitt. Virgin East Coast passenger accused of taking a woman's seat says they did nothing wrong. Brad Pitt 'investigated for child abuse' amid Angelina Jolie split. Mary Berry quits Great British Bake Off as Paul Hollywood confirms Channel 4 move. Brad Pitt brands Angelina Jolie's close female friends a 'coven'. Robbie Coltrane's National Treasure was a brilliant drama based on Yewtree writes Jim Shelley. Jennifer Aniston 'never believed Angelina Jolie was right for Brad Pitt'. The youngest victims of an economic disaster: Babies are left in cardboard boxes at cash-strapped hospital in Venezuela as the country spirals into financial abyss . French police use tear gas to repel 300 refugees as they storm Calais port. How to cut YOUR chances of getting cancer: Expert reveals 8 proven ways to help protect against deadly disease. US fighter plane missing after plunging into the sea off Japanese coast . Fraud ring boss whose gang stole PS113million from UK firms is jailed. DNA sampling finds Aboriginal Australians are the planet's oldest living culture. Satanic Temple headquarters to open its doors in Salem less a mile from the spot suspected witches were killed... and locals have no objections. Boy, 12, accused of raping a six-year-old girl at a Sydney northern beaches primary school pleads not guilty. Grandfather who lost 22 STONE is fundraising for PS20,000 surgery to remove rolls of excess skin. 'He believed he was Jesus Christ and he wanted to take us both to heaven': Model who was 'KIDNAPPED' by her mentally-ill dad at age seven details the terrifying ordeal in shocking video. Massachusetts woman lays on the ground in overdose as her daughter tries to wake her up. Hedgehog with so many research trackers stuck to it died after it was unable to curl up. U2's Bono says 'Donald Trump could destroy America' at Clinton Initiative. A house frozen in time! This darling Texas home is a perfect preservation of all things 1950s. Stunt pilot is nearly decapitated on the runway as the wing of a plane taking off slices off his cockpit roof . Texas college student leaves bars with man hours before she was murdered. Mia Farrow's adopted son Thaddeus dies aged 27 after being injured in car accident. Neighbor of New York bomber tells how she heard loud bangs in the days before the blasts. Anarchy at Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's home. 'Family is deeper than skin color': Black foster parent in Virginia becomes the adoptive father of three white sons. Charlotte protests turn violent as man is shot by a civilian. Escaped deer filmed enjoying its new found freedom by bounding across harbour at sunrise . Mother pleads for her 17-year-old beauty queen daughter to return home after learning she has flown from Russia to Dubai to sell her virginity for PS10,000 . Ohio woman found passed out after overdosing on heroin with her grandson. Angelina Jolie's estranged relative gives rare glimpse into star's bizarre childhood. Miracle on the Hudson survivor on 'harrowing' experience of watching Sully movie. Marion Cotillard confirms she is pregnant but denies affair with Brad Pitt. Defense attorney's 'Black Lives Matter' pin sparks protest in Las Vegas court when she refuses to remove it despite judge's request. Auckland refugees abused their daughter because they believed she was a witch. Lena Dunham's sister Grace reveals how they learned to embrace their gender identity. New York bomber's journal shows he was inspired by ISIS and Al-Qaeda leaders. Glamour model Ellishia Allen stabbed boyfriend to death when he dumped her by text. NYPD Special Victims Unit launches investigation into Anthony Weiner. Jennifer Aniston's friend Chelsea Handler calls Angelina Jolie 'a f***ing lunatic'. Angelina Jolie's brother James Haven is 'full-time nanny' to her kids. Rachel Riley predicts what Prince George and Princess Charlotte will wear in Canada . Brad Pitt's sister and her adopted Ethiopian sons enjoy quiet life in Missouri. Dangerous levels of cancer-causing toxin that Erin Brockovich fought against is found in tap water drunk by 218 MILLION Americans. Gigi Hadid displays endless legs in sequinned coat at Milan Fashion Week. Vomiting, screaming and collapsing in the street: The cream of Britain's youth mark their first days at university with more freshers' week chaos . Is this the first picture of the Black Monk of Pontefract? Ghosthunter captures chilling image in house known for Europe's most violent poltergeist haunting . Mark Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla pledge $3bn to wipe out ALL disease in 80 years. South Shields race-hate stickers saying 'Rapefugees not welcome' appear on bus stops. 'I'd go into the bedroom and find Dad in bed with three naked girls': How 'drug dealing' public schoolgirl shot dead in the Philippines was brought up by seedy British brothel baron. Missouri father charged with murder and incest over his 18 year old daughters death. Inside Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's sprawling Hollywood Hills family compound. Muslim migrant boat captain who 'threw six Christians to their deaths from his vessel because of their religion' goes on trial for murder . Woman marries first love after spending 20 years tracking him down. Is there alien life on Europa? Nasa to reveal a 'surprising' discovery about the icy moon's subsurface oceans. 'Dead body' seen through window at Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley. Vial of PCP found in vehicle of black pastor shot dead by female police officer as emotional relatives demand immediate charges against her. KATIE HOPKINS has her say on the Brangelina split. Man who drowned his three-year-old stepdaughter is jailed for 100 years. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are split up at Madame Tussauds. Rapper Shawyy Lo dies in I-285 car crash after visiting Atlanta strip club. Jennifer Aniston's team deny split from Justin Theroux after Brad and Angelina divorce. 'I was terrified he'd throw acid in my face': Lindsay Lohan makes extraordinary claims over her toxic relationship with Russian playboy ex. Dwarf couple who met while performing in Snow White marry in fairytale ceremony. Disabled woman shames Virgin East Coast train passengers on Facebook. Pictured: Wife of 'New York and New Jersey bomber' who flew to Pakistan days before terror is questioned by authorities - while his ex-girlfriend files for custody of their daughter. Manchester United pictured training in a car park ahead of EFL Cup third round clash against minnows Northampton Town. Anthony Weiner carried on a months-long online sexual relationship with a 15-year-old girl. Teenager with gigantism reaches a record-breaking 7ft 8in. Woman dies after lighting 17 candles for romantic evening with her imaginary boyfriend and setting fire to her flat. They are trying to kill you... so would you know how to survive a terrorist attack? Top anti-terror cop reveals the tactics you should adopt to escape - and why hiding behind a desk is a really bad idea. Marion Cotillard pregnancy rumours swirl amid Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's split. Woman is stabbed to death by 'stalker' who plunges knife into her 26 times as bystanders do NOTHING in busy Delhi street. Sinitta insists she's not involved in Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie split. Angelina Jolie goes to war while Brad Pitt fights back for the safety of kids. Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes 'married in secret wedding ceremony with friends and family'. The bizarre rise of SCROTOX: Men are paying nearly PS3,000 to have Botox in their private parts - so would you let your man do it? . Spiders found in bunch of Asda bananas. Were her clothes in the wash? Woman accidentally takes topless selfie when she posts glowing review of her washing machine on Currys website. Claims JonBenet Ramsey was killed by older brother Burke who 'smeared feces on a wall' . Chrissy Teigen tweets reaction to Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's split. Angelina Jolie 'fired children's nanny for flirting with Brad' just months before filing for divorce. Woman snaps photos of a man who had a little girl's hair 'wrapped around a buggy' as he dragged her down the aisles in a Texas Walmart . Man who tried to storm Israeli embassy in Turkey with a knife is shot and injured. Adele dedicates Madison Square Garden gig to Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie split. Mel Wright loses 50 kilograms by power lifting. Lady Gaga steps out WITHOUT underwear after Perfect Illusion video debut. Real life exes Kaley Cuoco and Johnny Galecki throw wedding ceremony on The Big Bang Theory's season opener. Selena Gomez's 'Instagram post with Brad Pitt upset Angelina Jolie before divorce'. Angelina Jolie hires lawyer Laura Wasser for Brad Pitt divorce. What does the Brangelina split mean for the children they collected like trophies?. Channel 7 Gold presenter Marika Fruscio's boobs pop out of her dress during live TV segment. Iraq inquiry major: I want to face war crimes trial. Decorated foreign officer says he'll get more justice in a foreign court. A look back at Brad Pitt's true romances following Angelina Jolie divorce. Theresa May tells EU leaders they have no choice but do Brexit trade deal with Britain. Driver who crashed car on M1 while using mobile then deleted her records is jailed. Human skeleton discovered at Antikythera shipwreck after more than 2,000 years. California family of five spends last eight years on the road traveling . Outrage as Rich Kids of London post pictures of their bling lifestyle on Instagram. Incredibly rare double-faced calf born in Kentucky. Woman slams pet owner who abandoned scared dog on the side of the road in viral post. Sassy fifth grader's note to a boy in her class goes viral. It was a deadly war of egos only Angelina could win: ALISON BOSHOFF says Jolie was never going to be mere red carpet eye-candy. Muslim schoolboy MUST shake hands with female teacher. Brave dog who was thrown off a balcony by two cruel medical students in a sick video prank makes a miraculous recovery and finds a happy new home . Have-a-go hero is stabbed by thug when he tries to rescue girl. A mother's utterly heart-rending account of her child's mental illness. Police say Keith Lamont Scott shot dead by Charlotte cop 'ignored orders to drop his gun'. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie pictured during argument in Sydney before split. Jennifer Aniston 'thinks Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie split is karma'. Menace of the Bambi thugs: Yes, they look heart-meltingly cute. But behind the doe eyes, muntjac deer are a breeding and garden-destroying machine - and now they're even killing people . Hillary in for a new walloping with 'Clinton, Inc.' movie that digs deep into her psychology - and Bill's - as it prepares to hit 1,000 screens in October. Businessman jailed for living the high life in executive airport lounges for THREE WEEKS after forging fake boarding passes on his laptop. Pipe fitter quits work and sells his house to live in a $6,000 SCHOOL BUS. George Clooney shocked at Brad Pitt's split from Angelina Jolie. Do YOU have a drink problem? The tell-tale signs you need to cut back on booze . Best way to defrost food revealed (and why you shouldn't thaw meat fish in fridge). Prince Harry visits Princess Diana mentoring scheme in Aberdeen. Officer who shot unarmed pastor Terence Crutcher claims she 'felt threatened'. German grocery chain Lidl prepares to open in the US after crippling British rivals. Kim Kardashian reveals her moisturizer costs $240 a jar during tutorial. Amal Clooney calls on the UK to take MORE refugees from Syria. CCTV captures the moment 'an election official stuffs a pile of voting papers in to a ballot box' in Russia as Putin's party sweeps to victory amid claims of vote-rigging. Female student, 24, was found burned and dismembered in a Texas park. Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard in steamy Allied trailer just hours after divorce bombshell. Youtuber Casey Neistat gets upgraded to first class on Emirates flight to NYC. Mother-of-two said she was left humiliated thanks to 'horrifying' Boots makeover. Angelina Jolie was so jealous of Marion Cotillard she ignored actress on film set. Brad Pitt and bohemian Angelina Jolie clashed over 'disciplining' their six children. New York bomber Ahmad Rahami pictured in Pakistan on 'radicalization' trip. The money, the cocaine - and the murder: Pablo Escobar's son reflects on the high life of his youth and the 'moral responsibility' he now feels for his father's sins. Woman who urinated on war memorial is jailed for seven months. Watch 'professional pickpocket' demonstrate seven ways that victims are targeted. Jumanji cast is seen in character as Dwayne Johnson, Kevin Hart and Karen Gillan shoot remake in Hawaii. Bizarre history of Angelina Jolie's love life including vials of blood and knife play. Nicolas Sarkozy demands migrants 'live like the French'. Mother reveals the agony of losing two children in a house fire that left her body covered in burns. Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight expresses sadness at shock split from Brad Pitt. Marion Cotillard 'devastated' at being dragged into Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's divorce. Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's divorce documents in pictures. Windscreen smash Met officer 'pulls over a SECOND black man for no reason'. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's most memorable red carpet appearances. Diner's disgust as a LIVE locust crawls out of her Pret A Manger salad. The Rich Kids of Singapore brag about their extreme wealth on Instagram. CDC warns adorable kittens carry deadly bacteria that causes heart infection. Last photo of Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt together was twins' birthday ten weeks ago. How will Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt split their $400m fortune following divorce?. Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's 12-year romance in pictures as she files for divorce. Latvian father flees country while mother is jailed for starving their newborn son. Jennifer Aniston memes flood Twitter after Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's divorce. Mother left terrified son, 2, alone in car until after MIDNIGHT. Will the 'world's saddest polar bear' be rehomed in Doncaster?. Palestinian tries to stab Israel soldier and is shot dead. Shopaholic ex-chav lavishes PS36,000 a year on luxury items. Brad Pitt attacks Angelina Jolie over divorce paper claims. Now a BOAT will house 1,000 asylum seekers on overcrowded Lesbos after the island's biggest refugee camp was destroyed by fire started 'over a rumour of mass deportations'. The house that porn built: David Sullivan opens the doors of his PS7.5million mansion. Newlywed wife discovered her cheating husband was having sex with a 17-year-old. Chicken shop terrorist's FATHER called the FBI two years ago to say his son was a terrorist after he 'stabbed his brother and hit his stepmom'. Video from police helicopter shows Tulsa pastor moments before officer killed him. PIERS MORGAN: It doesn't matter what names the mainstream media call Trump. Dr Sergio Canavero planning world's first head transplant plans 'Frankenstein' test. 